src/content/docs/guides/getting-started.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting Started
description: Learn how to set up a new project with Biome.
---

import PackageManagerBiomeCommand from "@/components/PackageManagerBiomeCommand.astro";
import PackageManagerCommand from "@/components/PackageManagerCommand.astro";

## System Requirements

- Windows (including WSL), macOS, or Linux
- x86_64 or ARM64
- Node.js v14.18 or newer (not applicable if you use the standalone executable)

## Installation

The fastest way to download Biome is to use `npm` or your preferred package manager. The CLI is also available as a [standalone executable](/guides/manual-installation) if you want to use Biome without installing Node.js.

To install Biome, run the following commands in a directory containing a `package.json` file.

<PackageManagerCommand
  npm="install --save-dev --save-exact @biomejs/biome"
  pnpm="add --save-dev --save-exact @biomejs/biome"
  yarn="add --dev --exact @biomejs/biome"
  bun="add --dev --exact @biomejs/biome"
/>

:::note
It is also possible to install Biome globally rather than locally.
However, this is not recommended.
:::

It's **highly recommended** not to use range operators when installing Biome.
Check the [versioning page](/internals/versioning/) for more information.

## Configuration

We recommend creating a `biome.json` configuration file for each project.
It eliminates the need to repeat the CLI options every time you run a command and ensures that Biome applies the same configuration in your editor. If you're happy with Biome's defaults, you don't have to create the configuration.

To create the configuration, run the `init` command in the root folder of your project:

<PackageManagerBiomeCommand command="init"/>

After running the `init` command, you'll now have a new `biome.json` file in your directory:

```json title="biome.json"
{
  "$schema": "https://biomejs.dev/schemas/1.7.0/schema.json",
  "organizeImports": {
    "enabled": false
  },
  "linter": {
    "enabled": true,
    "rules": {
      "recommended": true
    }
  }
}
```

Alternatively, you can run `biome init --jsonc` to emit a `biome.jsonc` file instead.

<PackageManagerBiomeCommand command="init --jsonc"/>

The `linter.enabled: true` enables the linter and `rules.recommended: true` enables the [recommended rules](/linter/rules/).
This corresponds to the default settings.

Formatting is enabled **by default**, but you can [disable](/reference/configuration/#formatterenabled) it by explicitly using `formatter.enabled: false`.

## Usage

Biome CLI comes with many commands and options, so you can use only what you need.

You can format files and directories using the [`format`](/reference/cli#biome-format) command and the `--write` option:

<PackageManagerBiomeCommand command="format --write <files>"/>

You can lint and apply [safe fixes](/linter#safe-fixes) to files and directories using the [`lint`](/reference/cli#biome-lint) command with the `--apply`:

<PackageManagerBiomeCommand command="lint --apply <files>"/>

You can apply **both** of them by leveraging the [`check`](/reference/cli#biome-check) command:

<PackageManagerBiomeCommand command="check --apply <files>"/>

The command `check` is command meant to run multiple tools at once. Currently, it does:

- format files
- lint files
- organize imports

## Install an editor plugin

We recommend installing an editor plugin to get the most out of Biome. Check out the [editor page](/guides/integrate-in-editor) to know which editors support Biome.

## CI Setup

If you're using Node.js, the recommended way to run Biome in CI is to use [your favourite package manager](/guides/getting-started#installation).
This ensures that your CI pipeline uses the same version of Biome as you do inside the editor or when running local CLI commands.
Alternatively, you can use dedicated [CI Actions](/recipes/continuous-integration/).

## Next Steps

Success! You're now ready to use Biome. 🥳

- Learn more about how to use and configure the [formatter](/formatter)
- Learn more about how to use and configure the [linter](/linter)
- Get familiar with the [CLI options](/reference/cli)
- Get familiar with the [configuration options](/reference/configuration)
- Join our [community on Discord](https://discord.gg/BypW39g6Yc)

Commit message:

docs: improve guides, add 'Migrate from' page

src/content/docs/guides/getting-started.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting Started
description: Learn how to set up a new project with Biome.
---

import PackageManagerBiomeCommand from "@/components/PackageManagerBiomeCommand.astro";
import PackageManagerCommand from "@/components/PackageManagerCommand.astro";

## Installation

The fastest way to download Biome is to use `npm` or your preferred package manager.
This requires Node.js v14.18 or newer.

The CLI is also available as a [standalone executable](/guides/manual-installation) if you want to use Biome without installing Node.js.

To install Biome, run the following commands in a directory containing a `package.json` file.

<PackageManagerCommand
  npm="install --save-dev --save-exact @biomejs/biome"
  pnpm="add --save-dev --save-exact @biomejs/biome"
  yarn="add --dev --exact @biomejs/biome"
  bun="add --dev --exact @biomejs/biome"
/>

It's **highly recommended** not to use a range operator when installing Biome.
See the [versioning page](/internals/versioning/) for more information.

## Configuration

We recommend that you create a `biome.json` configuration file for each project.
This eliminates the need to repeat the CLI options each time you run a command,
and ensures that Biome uses the same configuration in your editor.
If you are happy with Biome's defaults, you don't need to create the configuration.
To create the configuration, run the `init` command in the root folder of your project:

<PackageManagerBiomeCommand command="init"/>

After running the `init` command, you'll now have a new `biome.json` file in your directory:

```json title="biome.json"
{
  "$schema": "https://biomejs.dev/schemas/1.7.0/schema.json",
  "organizeImports": {
    "enabled": false
  },
  "linter": {
    "enabled": true,
    "rules": {
      "recommended": true
    }
  }
}
```

Alternatively, you can run `biome init --jsonc` to emit a `biome.jsonc` file instead.

<PackageManagerBiomeCommand command="init --jsonc"/>

The `linter.enabled: true` enables the linter and `rules.recommended: true` enables the [recommended rules](/linter/rules/).
This corresponds to the default settings.

Formatting is enabled **by default**, but you can [disable](/reference/configuration/#formatterenabled) it by explicitly using `formatter.enabled: false`.

## Usage

Biome CLI comes with many commands and options, so you can use only what you need.

You can format files and directories using the [`format`](/reference/cli#biome-format) command and the `--write` option:

<PackageManagerBiomeCommand command="format --write <files>"/>

You can lint and apply [safe fixes](/linter#safe-fixes) to files and directories using the [`lint`](/reference/cli#biome-lint) command with the `--apply`:

<PackageManagerBiomeCommand command="lint --apply <files>"/>

You can apply **both** of them by leveraging the [`check`](/reference/cli#biome-check) command:

<PackageManagerBiomeCommand command="check --apply <files>"/>

The `check` command runs multiple tools at once.
It fomats, lints, and organizes imports.

## Install an editor plugin

We recommend installing an editor plugin to get the most out of Biome.
Check out the [editor page](/guides/integrate-in-editor) to know which editors support Biome.

## CI Setup

If you're using Node.js, the recommended way to run Biome in CI is to use [your preferred package manager](/guides/getting-started#installation).
This ensures that your CI pipeline uses the same version of Biome as you do inside the editor or when running local CLI commands.
Alternatively, you can use a dedicated [CI Action](/recipes/continuous-integration).

## Next Steps

Success! You're now ready to use Biome. 🥳

- [Migrate from ESLint and Prettier](/guides/migrate-eslint-prettier)
- Learn more about how to use and configure the [formatter](/formatter)
- Learn more about how to use and configure the [linter](/linter)
- Get familiar with the [CLI options](/reference/cli)
- Get familiar with the [configuration options](/reference/configuration)
- Join our [community on Discord](https://discord.gg/BypW39g6Yc)
