src/content/docs/assist/actions/use-sorted-properties.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useSortedProperties
description: Learn more about useSortedProperties
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import EditorAction from "@/components/EditorAction.astro";

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="CSS" icon="seti:css">
## Summary
:::danger
This rule hasn't been released yet. If you want to try it, you can request and try a preview release of Biome
:::
- Diagnostic Category: [`assist/source/useSortedProperties`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- The default severity of this rule is [**information**](/reference/diagnostics#information).
## How to enable in your editor
<EditorAction action="source.action.useSortedProperties.biome" />
## Description
Enforce ordering of CSS properties and nested rules.

This rule ensures the contents of a CSS rule are ordered consistently.

Properties are ordered semantically, with more important properties near the top and
similar properties grouped together. Nested rules and at-rules are placed after properties.

The ordering is roughly:

1. Custom properties
2. Layout properties (display, flex, grid)
3. Margin and padding properties
4. Typography properties (font, color)
5. Interaction properties (pointer-events, visibility)
6. Background and border properties
7. Transition and animation properties
8. Nested rules, media queries and other at-rules

## Examples

### Invalid

```css
p {
  transition: opacity 1s ease;
  border: 1px solid black;
  pointer-events: none;
  color: black;
  margin: 8px;
  display: block;
  --custom: 100;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text"></code></pre>

```css
p {
  span { color: blue; }
  color: red;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text"></code></pre>

### Valid

```css
p {
  --custom: 100;
  display: block;
  margin: 8px;
  color: black;
  pointer-events: none;
  border: 1px solid black;
  transition: opacity 1s ease;
}
```

```css
p {
  color: red;
  span { color: blue; }
}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"assist": {
		"actions": {
			"source": {
				"useSortedProperties": "on"
			}
		}
	}
}

```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat(codegen): remove "not released yet" notification in favour of "only available in beta" (#1933)

src/content/docs/assist/actions/use-sorted-properties.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useSortedProperties
description: Learn more about useSortedProperties
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import EditorAction from "@/components/EditorAction.astro";

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="CSS" icon="seti:css">
## Summary
:::note
This rule is currently only available in the [2.0 beta release](/blog/biome-v2-0-beta).
:::
- Diagnostic Category: [`assist/source/useSortedProperties`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- The default severity of this rule is [**information**](/reference/diagnostics#information).
## How to enable in your editor
<EditorAction action="source.action.useSortedProperties.biome" />
## Description
Enforce ordering of CSS properties and nested rules.

This rule ensures the contents of a CSS rule are ordered consistently.

Properties are ordered semantically, with more important properties near the top and
similar properties grouped together. Nested rules and at-rules are placed after properties.

The ordering is roughly:

1. Custom properties
2. Layout properties (display, flex, grid)
3. Margin and padding properties
4. Typography properties (font, color)
5. Interaction properties (pointer-events, visibility)
6. Background and border properties
7. Transition and animation properties
8. Nested rules, media queries and other at-rules

## Examples

### Invalid

```css
p {
  transition: opacity 1s ease;
  border: 1px solid black;
  pointer-events: none;
  color: black;
  margin: 8px;
  display: block;
  --custom: 100;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text"></code></pre>

```css
p {
  span { color: blue; }
  color: red;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text"></code></pre>

### Valid

```css
p {
  --custom: 100;
  display: block;
  margin: 8px;
  color: black;
  pointer-events: none;
  border: 1px solid black;
  transition: opacity 1s ease;
}
```

```css
p {
  color: red;
  span { color: blue; }
}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"assist": {
		"actions": {
			"source": {
				"useSortedProperties": "on"
			}
		}
	}
}

```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
