src/content/docs/assist/graphql/actions.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: GraphQL Actions
description: List of available lint actions for GraphQL
---


import { Icon } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

Below the list of rules supported by Biome, divided by group. Here's a legend of the emojis:
- The icon <span class='inline-icon' title="This rule is recommended"><Icon name="approve-check-circle"x label="This rule is recommended" /></span> indicates that the rule is part of the recommended rules.
- The icon <span class='inline-icon' title="This rule has a safe fix"><Icon name="seti:config" label="The rule has a safe fix" /></span> indicates that the rule provides a code action (fix) that is **safe** to apply.
- The icon <span class='inline-icon' title="This rule has an unsafe fix"><Icon name="warning" label="The rule has an unsafe fix" /></span> indicates that the rule provides a code action (fix) that is **unsafe** to apply.
- The icon <span class='inline-icon' title="This rule hasn't been released"><Icon name="error" label="This rule hasn't been released" /></span> indicates that the rule hasn't been released yet.
## Recommended rules

Commit message:

feat(codegen): remove "not released yet" notification in favour of "only available in beta" (#1933)

src/content/docs/assist/graphql/actions.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: GraphQL Actions
description: List of available lint actions for GraphQL
---


import { Icon } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

Below the list of rules supported by Biome, divided by group. Here's a legend of the emojis:
- The icon <span class='inline-icon' title="This rule is recommended"><Icon name="approve-check-circle"x label="This rule is recommended" /></span> indicates that the rule is part of the recommended rules.
- The icon <span class='inline-icon' title="This rule has a safe fix"><Icon name="seti:config" label="The rule has a safe fix" /></span> indicates that the rule provides a code action (fix) that is **safe** to apply.
- The icon <span class='inline-icon' title="This rule has an unsafe fix"><Icon name="warning" label="The rule has an unsafe fix" /></span> indicates that the rule provides a code action (fix) that is **unsafe** to apply.
- The icon <span class='inline-icon' title="This rule is only available in beta"><Icon name="moon" label="This rule is only available in beta" /></span> indicates that the rule is currently only available in the [2.0 beta release](/blog/biome-v2-0-beta).
## Recommended rules
