src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-access-key.mdx, before:

---
title: noAccessKey
description: |
  'Enforce that the  attribute is not used on any HTML element.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/a11y/noAccessKey`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/no-access-key.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/no-access-key</code></a>

Enforce that the `accessKey` attribute is not used on any HTML element.

The `accessKey` assigns a keyboard shortcut to the current element. However, the `accessKey` value
can conflict with keyboard commands used by screen readers and keyboard-only users, which leads to
inconsistent keyboard actions across applications. To avoid accessibility complications,
this rule suggests users remove the `accessKey` attribute on elements.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<input type="submit" accessKey="s" value="Submit" />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-access-key">lint/a11y/noAccessKey</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> attribute to reduce inconsistencies between keyboard shortcuts and screen reader keyboard comments.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;input type=&quot;submit&quot; accessKey=&quot;s&quot; value=&quot;Submit&quot; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning keyboard shortcuts using the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute leads to inconsistent keyboard actions across applications.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;input<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>type=&quot;submit&quot;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">K</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">y</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>value=&quot;Submit&quot;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>/&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>                 <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<a href="https://webaim.org/" accessKey="w">WebAIM.org</a>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:31 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-access-key">lint/a11y/noAccessKey</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> attribute to reduce inconsistencies between keyboard shortcuts and screen reader keyboard comments.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;a href=&quot;https://webaim.org/&quot; accessKey=&quot;w&quot;&gt;WebAIM.org&lt;/a&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning keyboard shortcuts using the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute leads to inconsistent keyboard actions across applications.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;a<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>href=&quot;https://webaim.org/&quot;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">K</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">y</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">w</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;WebAIM.org&lt;/a&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                              <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>               <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<button accessKey="n">Next</button>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-access-key">lint/a11y/noAccessKey</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> attribute to reduce inconsistencies between keyboard shortcuts and screen reader keyboard comments.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;button accessKey=&quot;n&quot;&gt;Next&lt;/button&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning keyboard shortcuts using the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute leads to inconsistent keyboard actions across applications.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;button<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">K</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">y</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;Next&lt;/button&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>        <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>              <br /></code></pre>

## Resources

- [WebAIM: Keyboard Accessibility - Accesskey](https://webaim.org/techniques/keyboard/accesskey#spec)
- [MDN `accesskey` documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/accesskey)

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-access-key.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noAccessKey
description: |
  Enforce that the  attribute is not used on any HTML element.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/a11y/noAccessKey`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/no-access-key.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/no-access-key</code></a>

Enforce that the `accessKey` attribute is not used on any HTML element.

The `accessKey` assigns a keyboard shortcut to the current element. However, the `accessKey` value
can conflict with keyboard commands used by screen readers and keyboard-only users, which leads to
inconsistent keyboard actions across applications. To avoid accessibility complications,
this rule suggests users remove the `accessKey` attribute on elements.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<input type="submit" accessKey="s" value="Submit" />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-access-key">lint/a11y/noAccessKey</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> attribute to reduce inconsistencies between keyboard shortcuts and screen reader keyboard comments.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;input type=&quot;submit&quot; accessKey=&quot;s&quot; value=&quot;Submit&quot; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning keyboard shortcuts using the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute leads to inconsistent keyboard actions across applications.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;input<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>type=&quot;submit&quot;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">K</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">y</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>value=&quot;Submit&quot;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>/&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>                 <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<a href="https://webaim.org/" accessKey="w">WebAIM.org</a>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:31 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-access-key">lint/a11y/noAccessKey</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> attribute to reduce inconsistencies between keyboard shortcuts and screen reader keyboard comments.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;a href=&quot;https://webaim.org/&quot; accessKey=&quot;w&quot;&gt;WebAIM.org&lt;/a&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning keyboard shortcuts using the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute leads to inconsistent keyboard actions across applications.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;a<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>href=&quot;https://webaim.org/&quot;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">K</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">y</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">w</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;WebAIM.org&lt;/a&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                              <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>               <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<button accessKey="n">Next</button>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-access-key">lint/a11y/noAccessKey</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> attribute to reduce inconsistencies between keyboard shortcuts and screen reader keyboard comments.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;button accessKey=&quot;n&quot;&gt;Next&lt;/button&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning keyboard shortcuts using the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute leads to inconsistent keyboard actions across applications.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>accessKey</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;button<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">K</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">y</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;Next&lt;/button&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>        <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>              <br /></code></pre>

## Resources

- [WebAIM: Keyboard Accessibility - Accesskey](https://webaim.org/techniques/keyboard/accesskey#spec)
- [MDN `accesskey` documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/accesskey)

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
