src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-accumulating-spread.mdx, before:

---
title: noAccumulatingSpread
description: |
  'Disallow the use of spread () syntax on accumulators.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/performance/noAccumulatingSpread`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Disallow the use of spread (`...`) syntax on accumulators.

Spread syntax allows an iterable to be expanded into its individual elements.

Spread syntax should be avoided on accumulators (like those in `.reduce`)
because it causes a time complexity of `O(n^2)` instead of `O(n)`.

Source: https://prateeksurana.me/blog/why-using-object-spread-with-reduce-bad-idea/

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];
a.reduce((acc, val) => [...acc, val], []);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:25 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-accumulating-spread">lint/performance/noAccumulatingSpread</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the use of spread (`...`) syntax on accumulators.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>a.reduce((acc, val) =&gt; [...acc, val], []);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Spread syntax should be avoided on accumulators (like those in `.reduce`) because it causes a time complexity of `O(n^2)`.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Consider methods such as .splice or .push instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];
a.reduce((acc, val) => {return [...acc, val];}, []);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:33 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-accumulating-spread">lint/performance/noAccumulatingSpread</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the use of spread (`...`) syntax on accumulators.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>a.reduce((acc, val) =&gt; &#123;return [...acc, val];&#125;, []);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                                <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Spread syntax should be avoided on accumulators (like those in `.reduce`) because it causes a time complexity of `O(n^2)`.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Consider methods such as .splice or .push instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];
a.reduce((acc, val) => ({...acc, [val]: val}), {});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:26 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-accumulating-spread">lint/performance/noAccumulatingSpread</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the use of spread (`...`) syntax on accumulators.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>a.reduce((acc, val) =&gt; (&#123;...acc, [val]: val&#125;), &#123;&#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Spread syntax should be avoided on accumulators (like those in `.reduce`) because it causes a time complexity of `O(n^2)`.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Consider methods such as .splice or .push instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];
a.reduce((acc, val) => {acc.push(val); return acc}, []);
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-accumulating-spread.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noAccumulatingSpread
description: |
  Disallow the use of spread () syntax on accumulators.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/performance/noAccumulatingSpread`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Disallow the use of spread (`...`) syntax on accumulators.

Spread syntax allows an iterable to be expanded into its individual elements.

Spread syntax should be avoided on accumulators (like those in `.reduce`)
because it causes a time complexity of `O(n^2)` instead of `O(n)`.

Source: https://prateeksurana.me/blog/why-using-object-spread-with-reduce-bad-idea/

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];
a.reduce((acc, val) => [...acc, val], []);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:25 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-accumulating-spread">lint/performance/noAccumulatingSpread</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the use of spread (`...`) syntax on accumulators.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>a.reduce((acc, val) =&gt; [...acc, val], []);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Spread syntax should be avoided on accumulators (like those in `.reduce`) because it causes a time complexity of `O(n^2)`.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Consider methods such as .splice or .push instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];
a.reduce((acc, val) => {return [...acc, val];}, []);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:33 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-accumulating-spread">lint/performance/noAccumulatingSpread</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the use of spread (`...`) syntax on accumulators.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>a.reduce((acc, val) =&gt; &#123;return [...acc, val];&#125;, []);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                                <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Spread syntax should be avoided on accumulators (like those in `.reduce`) because it causes a time complexity of `O(n^2)`.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Consider methods such as .splice or .push instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];
a.reduce((acc, val) => ({...acc, [val]: val}), {});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:26 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-accumulating-spread">lint/performance/noAccumulatingSpread</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid the use of spread (`...`) syntax on accumulators.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>a.reduce((acc, val) =&gt; (&#123;...acc, [val]: val&#125;), &#123;&#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Spread syntax should be avoided on accumulators (like those in `.reduce`) because it causes a time complexity of `O(n^2)`.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Consider methods such as .splice or .push instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
var a = ['a', 'b', 'c'];
a.reduce((acc, val) => {acc.push(val); return acc}, []);
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
