src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-arguments.mdx, before:

---
title: noArguments
description: |
  'Disallow the use of .'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noArguments`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/prefer-rest-params" target="_blank"><code>prefer-rest-params</code></a>

Disallow the use of `arguments`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
function f() {
   console.log(arguments);
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:16 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-arguments">lint/style/noArguments</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Use the </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>rest parameters</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead of </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>arguments</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function f() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>   console.log(arguments);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>               <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>arguments</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> does not have </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Array.prototype</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> methods and can be inconvenient to use.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```cjs
function f() {
    let arguments = 1;
    console.log(arguments);
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-arguments.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noArguments
description: |
  Disallow the use of .
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noArguments`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/prefer-rest-params" target="_blank"><code>prefer-rest-params</code></a>

Disallow the use of `arguments`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
function f() {
   console.log(arguments);
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:16 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-arguments">lint/style/noArguments</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Use the </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>rest parameters</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead of </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>arguments</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function f() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>   console.log(arguments);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>               <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>arguments</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> does not have </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Array.prototype</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> methods and can be inconvenient to use.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```cjs
function f() {
    let arguments = 1;
    console.log(arguments);
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
