src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-console.mdx, before:

---
title: noConsole
description: |
  'Disallow the use of .'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noConsole`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
:::note
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-console" target="_blank"><code>no-console</code></a>

Disallow the use of `console`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
console.error('hello world')
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-console">lint/nursery/noConsole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Don't use </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>console</strong></span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>console.error('hello world')<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Usage of </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>console</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is disallowed.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove console</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">w</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><br />  <strong>    │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><br /></code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-console.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noConsole
description: |
  Disallow the use of .
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noConsole`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
:::note
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-console" target="_blank"><code>no-console</code></a>

Disallow the use of `console`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
console.error('hello world')
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-console">lint/nursery/noConsole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Don't use </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>console</strong></span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>console.error('hello world')<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Usage of </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>console</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is disallowed.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove console</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">w</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><br />  <strong>    │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><br /></code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
