src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-constant-condition.mdx, before:

---
title: noConstantCondition
description: |
  'Disallow constant expressions in conditions'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noConstantCondition`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-constant-condition" target="_blank"><code>no-constant-condition</code></a>

Disallow constant expressions in conditions

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
if (false) {
    doSomethingUnfinished();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (false) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomethingUnfinished();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
if (Boolean(1)) {
    doSomethingAlways();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (Boolean(1)) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomethingAlways();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
if (undefined) {
    doSomethingUnfinished();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (undefined) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomethingUnfinished();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
for (;-2;) {
    doSomethingForever();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:7 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>for (;-2;) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomethingForever();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
while (typeof x) {
    doSomethingForever();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>while (typeof x) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomethingForever();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var result = 0 ? a : b;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:14 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var result = 0 ? a : b;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>             <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
if (x === 0) {
    doSomething();
}

for (;;) {
    doSomethingForever();
}

while (typeof x === "undefined") {
    doSomething();
}

do {
    doSomething();
} while (x);

var result = x !== 0 ? a : b;

// Exception
while (true) {
    if (x) { break; }
    x = f();
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-constant-condition.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noConstantCondition
description: |
  Disallow constant expressions in conditions
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noConstantCondition`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-constant-condition" target="_blank"><code>no-constant-condition</code></a>

Disallow constant expressions in conditions

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
if (false) {
    doSomethingUnfinished();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (false) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomethingUnfinished();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
if (Boolean(1)) {
    doSomethingAlways();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (Boolean(1)) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomethingAlways();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
if (undefined) {
    doSomethingUnfinished();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (undefined) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomethingUnfinished();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
for (;-2;) {
    doSomethingForever();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:7 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>for (;-2;) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomethingForever();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
while (typeof x) {
    doSomethingForever();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>while (typeof x) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomethingForever();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var result = 0 ? a : b;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:14 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-constant-condition">lint/correctness/noConstantCondition</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected constant condition.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var result = 0 ? a : b;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>             <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
if (x === 0) {
    doSomething();
}

for (;;) {
    doSomethingForever();
}

while (typeof x === "undefined") {
    doSomething();
}

do {
    doSomething();
} while (x);

var result = x !== 0 ? a : b;

// Exception
while (true) {
    if (x) { break; }
    x = f();
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
