src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-children-prop.mdx, before:

---
title: noChildrenProp
description: |
  'Prevent passing of children as props.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noChildrenProp`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/blob/master/docs/rules/no-children-prop.md" target="_blank"><code>react/no-children-prop</code></a>

Prevent passing of **children** as props.

When using JSX, the children should be nested between the opening and closing tags.
When not using JSX, the children should be passed as additional arguments to `React.createElement`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<FirstComponent children={'foo'} />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:17 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-children-prop">lint/correctness/noChildrenProp</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid passing </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> using a prop</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;FirstComponent children=&#123;'foo'&#125; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The canonical way to pass children in React is to use JSX elements</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
React.createElement('div', { children: 'foo' });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:30 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-children-prop">lint/correctness/noChildrenProp</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid passing </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> using a prop</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>React.createElement('div', &#123; children: 'foo' &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                             <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The canonical way to pass children in React is to use additional arguments to React.createElement</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-children-prop.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noChildrenProp
description: |
  Prevent passing of children as props.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noChildrenProp`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/blob/master/docs/rules/no-children-prop.md" target="_blank"><code>react/no-children-prop</code></a>

Prevent passing of **children** as props.

When using JSX, the children should be nested between the opening and closing tags.
When not using JSX, the children should be passed as additional arguments to `React.createElement`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<FirstComponent children={'foo'} />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:17 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-children-prop">lint/correctness/noChildrenProp</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid passing </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> using a prop</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;FirstComponent children=&#123;'foo'&#125; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The canonical way to pass children in React is to use JSX elements</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
React.createElement('div', { children: 'foo' });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:30 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-children-prop">lint/correctness/noChildrenProp</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid passing </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> using a prop</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>React.createElement('div', &#123; children: 'foo' &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                             <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The canonical way to pass children in React is to use additional arguments to React.createElement</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
