src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-comma-operator.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noCommaOperator
description: |
  Disallow comma operator.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-sequences" target="_blank"><code>no-sequences</code></a>

## Description
Disallow comma operator.

The comma operator includes multiple expressions where only one is expected.
It evaluates every operand from left to right and returns the value of the last operand.
It frequently obscures side effects, and its use is often an accident.

The use of the comma operator in the initialization and update parts of a `for` is still allowed.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
const foo = (doSomething(), 0);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:27 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-comma-operator">lint/style/noCommaOperator</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">The comma operator is disallowed.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const foo = (doSomething(), 0);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Its use is often confusing and obscures side effects.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
for (; doSomething(), !!test; ) {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:21 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-comma-operator">lint/style/noCommaOperator</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">The comma operator is disallowed.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>for (; doSomething(), !!test; ) &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Its use is often confusing and obscures side effects.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
// Use a semicolon instead.
let a, b;
a = 1, b = 2;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:6 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-comma-operator">lint/style/noCommaOperator</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">The comma operator is disallowed.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>// Use a semicolon instead.<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>let a, b;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>a = 1, b = 2;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Its use is often confusing and obscures side effects.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
for(a = 0, b = 0; (a + b) < 10; a++, b += 2) {}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"style": {
				"noCommaOperator": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-comma-operator.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noCommaOperator
description: |
  Disallow comma operator.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.0.0`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/style/noCommaOperator`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**warning**](/reference/diagnostics#warning).
- Sources: 
  - Same as [`no-sequences`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-sequences)

## Description
Disallow comma operator.

The comma operator includes multiple expressions where only one is expected.
It evaluates every operand from left to right and returns the value of the last operand.
It frequently obscures side effects, and its use is often an accident.

The use of the comma operator in the initialization and update parts of a `for` is still allowed.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
const foo = (doSomething(), 0);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:27 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-comma-operator">lint/style/noCommaOperator</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">The comma operator is disallowed.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const foo = (doSomething(), 0);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Its use is often confusing and obscures side effects.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
for (; doSomething(), !!test; ) {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:21 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-comma-operator">lint/style/noCommaOperator</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">The comma operator is disallowed.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>for (; doSomething(), !!test; ) &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Its use is often confusing and obscures side effects.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
// Use a semicolon instead.
let a, b;
a = 1, b = 2;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:6 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-comma-operator">lint/style/noCommaOperator</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">The comma operator is disallowed.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>// Use a semicolon instead.<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>let a, b;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>a = 1, b = 2;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Its use is often confusing and obscures side effects.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
for(a = 0, b = 0; (a + b) < 10; a++, b += 2) {}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"style": {
				"noCommaOperator": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
