src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex.mdx, before:

---
title: noControlCharactersInRegex
description: |
  'Prevents from having control characters and some escape sequences that match control characters in regular expressions.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-control-regex" target="_blank"><code>no-control-regex</code></a>

Prevents from having control characters and some escape sequences that match control characters in regular expressions.

Control characters are hidden special characters that are numbered from 0 to 31 in the ASCII system.
They're not commonly used in JavaScript text. So, if you see them in a pattern (called a regular expression), it's probably a mistake.

The following elements of regular expression patterns are considered possible errors in typing and are therefore disallowed by this rule:

- Hexadecimal character escapes from `\x00` to `\x1F`
- Unicode character escapes from `\u0000` to `\u001F`
- Unicode code point escapes from `\u{0}` to `\u{1F}`
- Unescaped raw characters from U+0000 to U+001F

Control escapes such as `\t` and `\n` are allowed by this rule.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
 var pattern1 = /\x00/;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:18 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern1 = /&#92;x00/;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern2 = /\x0C/;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:18 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern2 = /&#92;x0C/;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern3 = /\x1F/;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:18 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern3 = /&#92;x1F/;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern4 = /\u000C/;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:18 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern4 = /&#92;u000C/;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern5 = /\u{C}/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:18 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern5 = /&#92;u&#123;C&#125;/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern7 = new RegExp("\x0C");
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:29 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern7 = new RegExp(&quot;&#92;x0C&quot;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern7 = new RegExp("\\x0C");
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:29 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern7 = new RegExp(&quot;&#92;&#92;x0C&quot;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
var pattern1 = /\x20/;
var pattern2 = /\u0020/;
var pattern3 = /\u{20}/u;
var pattern4 = /\t/;
var pattern5 = /\n/;
var pattern6 = new RegExp("\x20");
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noControlCharactersInRegex
description: |
  Prevents from having control characters and some escape sequences that match control characters in regular expressions.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-control-regex" target="_blank"><code>no-control-regex</code></a>

Prevents from having control characters and some escape sequences that match control characters in regular expressions.

Control characters are hidden special characters that are numbered from 0 to 31 in the ASCII system.
They're not commonly used in JavaScript text. So, if you see them in a pattern (called a regular expression), it's probably a mistake.

The following elements of regular expression patterns are considered possible errors in typing and are therefore disallowed by this rule:

- Hexadecimal character escapes from `\x00` to `\x1F`
- Unicode character escapes from `\u0000` to `\u001F`
- Unicode code point escapes from `\u{0}` to `\u{1F}`
- Unescaped raw characters from U+0000 to U+001F

Control escapes such as `\t` and `\n` are allowed by this rule.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
 var pattern1 = /\x00/;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:18 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern1 = /&#92;x00/;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern2 = /\x0C/;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:18 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern2 = /&#92;x0C/;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern3 = /\x1F/;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:18 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern3 = /&#92;x1F/;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern4 = /\u000C/;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:18 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern4 = /&#92;u000C/;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern5 = /\u{C}/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:18 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern5 = /&#92;u&#123;C&#125;/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern7 = new RegExp("\x0C");
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:29 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern7 = new RegExp(&quot;&#92;x0C&quot;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
 var pattern7 = new RegExp("\\x0C");
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:29 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-control-characters-in-regex">lint/suspicious/noControlCharactersInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected control character in a regular expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong> var pattern7 = new RegExp(&quot;&#92;&#92;x0C&quot;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Control characters are unusual and potentially incorrect inputs, so they are disallowed.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
var pattern1 = /\x20/;
var pattern2 = /\u0020/;
var pattern3 = /\u{20}/u;
var pattern4 = /\t/;
var pattern5 = /\n/;
var pattern6 = new RegExp("\x20");
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
