src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-duplicate-test-hooks.mdx, before:

---
title: noDuplicateTestHooks
description: |
  'A  block should not contain duplicate hooks.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noDuplicateTestHooks`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://github.com/jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest/blob/main/docs/rules/no-duplicate-hooks.md" target="_blank"><code>jest/no-duplicate-hooks</code></a>

A `describe` block should not contain duplicate hooks.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
describe('foo', () => {
  beforeEach(() => {
    // some setup
  });
  beforeEach(() => {
    // some setup
  });
  test('foo_test', () => {
   // some test
  });
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:5:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-test-hooks">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateTestHooks</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Disallow duplicate setup and teardown hooks.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    // some setup<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>  &#125;);<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>5 │ </strong>  beforeEach(() =&gt; &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>6 │ </strong>    // some setup<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>7 │ </strong>  &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>8 │ </strong>  test('foo&#95;test', () =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>9 │ </strong>   // some test<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Disallow </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>beforeEach</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> duplicacy inside the describe function.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
describe('foo', () => {
  beforeEach(() => {
    // some setup
  });
  test('foo_test', () => {
    afterAll(() => {
      // some teardown
    });
   afterAll(() => {
     // some teardown
   });
  });
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:9:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-test-hooks">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateTestHooks</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Disallow duplicate setup and teardown hooks.</span><br />  <br />     <strong>7 │ </strong>      // some teardown<br />     <strong>8 │ </strong>    &#125;);<br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>9 │ </strong>   afterAll(() =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>10 │ </strong>     // some teardown<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>11 │ </strong>   &#125;);<br />    <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>12 │ </strong>  &#125;);<br />    <strong>13 │ </strong>&#125;);<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Disallow </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>afterAll</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> duplicacy inside the describe function.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
describe('foo', () => {
  beforeEach(() => {
    // some setup
  });
  test('foo_test', () => {
    // some test
  });
});
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-duplicate-test-hooks.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noDuplicateTestHooks
description: |
  A  block should not contain duplicate hooks.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noDuplicateTestHooks`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://github.com/jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest/blob/main/docs/rules/no-duplicate-hooks.md" target="_blank"><code>jest/no-duplicate-hooks</code></a>

A `describe` block should not contain duplicate hooks.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
describe('foo', () => {
  beforeEach(() => {
    // some setup
  });
  beforeEach(() => {
    // some setup
  });
  test('foo_test', () => {
   // some test
  });
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:5:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-test-hooks">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateTestHooks</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Disallow duplicate setup and teardown hooks.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    // some setup<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>  &#125;);<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>5 │ </strong>  beforeEach(() =&gt; &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>6 │ </strong>    // some setup<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>7 │ </strong>  &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>8 │ </strong>  test('foo&#95;test', () =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>9 │ </strong>   // some test<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Disallow </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>beforeEach</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> duplicacy inside the describe function.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
describe('foo', () => {
  beforeEach(() => {
    // some setup
  });
  test('foo_test', () => {
    afterAll(() => {
      // some teardown
    });
   afterAll(() => {
     // some teardown
   });
  });
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:9:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-test-hooks">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateTestHooks</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Disallow duplicate setup and teardown hooks.</span><br />  <br />     <strong>7 │ </strong>      // some teardown<br />     <strong>8 │ </strong>    &#125;);<br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>9 │ </strong>   afterAll(() =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>10 │ </strong>     // some teardown<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>11 │ </strong>   &#125;);<br />    <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>12 │ </strong>  &#125;);<br />    <strong>13 │ </strong>&#125;);<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Disallow </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>afterAll</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> duplicacy inside the describe function.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
describe('foo', () => {
  beforeEach(() => {
    // some setup
  });
  test('foo_test', () => {
    // some test
  });
});
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
