src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-done-callback.mdx, before:

---
title: noDoneCallback
description: |
  'Disallow using a callback in asynchronous tests and hooks.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noDoneCallback`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.1`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest/blob/main/docs/rules/no-done-callback.md" target="_blank"><code>jest/no-done-callback</code></a>

Disallow using a callback in asynchronous tests and hooks.

This rule checks the function parameter of hooks & tests for use of the done argument, suggesting you return a promise instead.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
beforeEach(done => {
    // ...
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-done-callback">lint/nursery/noDoneCallback</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Disallow using a callback in asynchronous tests and hooks.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>beforeEach(done =&gt; &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    // ...<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;);<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Return a Promise instead of relying on callback parameter.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
test('myFunction()', done => {
    // ...
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-done-callback">lint/nursery/noDoneCallback</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Disallow using a callback in asynchronous tests and hooks.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>test('myFunction()', done =&gt; &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    // ...<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;);<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Return a Promise instead of relying on callback parameter.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
beforeEach(async () => {
    // ...
});
```

```js
test('myFunction()', () => {
    expect(myFunction()).toBeTruthy();
});
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-done-callback.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noDoneCallback
description: |
  Disallow using a callback in asynchronous tests and hooks.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noDoneCallback`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.1`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest/blob/main/docs/rules/no-done-callback.md" target="_blank"><code>jest/no-done-callback</code></a>

Disallow using a callback in asynchronous tests and hooks.

This rule checks the function parameter of hooks & tests for use of the done argument, suggesting you return a promise instead.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
beforeEach(done => {
    // ...
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-done-callback">lint/nursery/noDoneCallback</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Disallow using a callback in asynchronous tests and hooks.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>beforeEach(done =&gt; &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    // ...<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;);<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Return a Promise instead of relying on callback parameter.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
test('myFunction()', done => {
    // ...
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-done-callback">lint/nursery/noDoneCallback</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Disallow using a callback in asynchronous tests and hooks.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>test('myFunction()', done =&gt; &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    // ...<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;);<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Return a Promise instead of relying on callback parameter.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
beforeEach(async () => {
    // ...
});
```

```js
test('myFunction()', () => {
    expect(myFunction()).toBeTruthy();
});
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
