src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-duplicate-class-members.mdx, before:

---
title: noDuplicateClassMembers
description: |
  'Disallow duplicate class members.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noDuplicateClassMembers`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-dupe-class-members" target="_blank"><code>no-dupe-class-members</code></a>
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-dupe-class-members" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/no-dupe-class-members</code></a>

Disallow duplicate class members.

If there are declarations of the same name among class members,
the last declaration overwrites other declarations silently.
It can cause unexpected behaviours.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
class Foo {
  bar() { }
  bar() { }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-class-members">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateClassMembers</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate class member name &quot;bar&quot;</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  bar() &#123; &#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>  bar() &#123; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class Foo {
  bar() { }
  get bar() { }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-class-members">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateClassMembers</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate class member name &quot;bar&quot;</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  bar() &#123; &#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>  get bar() &#123; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class Foo {
  bar;
  bar() { }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-class-members">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateClassMembers</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate class member name &quot;bar&quot;</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  bar;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>  bar() &#123; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class Foo {
  static bar() { }
  static bar() { }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-class-members">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateClassMembers</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate class member name &quot;bar&quot;</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  static bar() &#123; &#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>  static bar() &#123; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
class Foo {
  bar() { }
  qux() { }
}
```

```js
class Foo {
  set bar(value) { }
  get bar() { }
}
```

```js
class Foo {
  bar;
  qux;
}
```

```js
class Foo {
  bar;
  qux() { }
}
```

```js
class Foo {
  static bar() { }
  bar() { }
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-duplicate-class-members.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noDuplicateClassMembers
description: |
  Disallow duplicate class members.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noDuplicateClassMembers`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-dupe-class-members" target="_blank"><code>no-dupe-class-members</code></a>
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-dupe-class-members" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/no-dupe-class-members</code></a>

Disallow duplicate class members.

If there are declarations of the same name among class members,
the last declaration overwrites other declarations silently.
It can cause unexpected behaviours.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
class Foo {
  bar() { }
  bar() { }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-class-members">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateClassMembers</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate class member name &quot;bar&quot;</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  bar() &#123; &#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>  bar() &#123; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class Foo {
  bar() { }
  get bar() { }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-class-members">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateClassMembers</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate class member name &quot;bar&quot;</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  bar() &#123; &#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>  get bar() &#123; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class Foo {
  bar;
  bar() { }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-class-members">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateClassMembers</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate class member name &quot;bar&quot;</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  bar;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>  bar() &#123; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class Foo {
  static bar() { }
  static bar() { }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-class-members">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateClassMembers</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate class member name &quot;bar&quot;</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  static bar() &#123; &#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>  static bar() &#123; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
class Foo {
  bar() { }
  qux() { }
}
```

```js
class Foo {
  set bar(value) { }
  get bar() { }
}
```

```js
class Foo {
  bar;
  qux;
}
```

```js
class Foo {
  bar;
  qux() { }
}
```

```js
class Foo {
  static bar() { }
  bar() { }
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
