src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-duplicate-case.mdx, before:

---
title: noDuplicateCase
description: |
  'Disallow duplicate case labels.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noDuplicateCase`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-duplicate-case" target="_blank"><code>no-duplicate-case</code></a>

Disallow duplicate case labels.

If a switch statement has duplicate test expressions in case clauses, it is likely that a programmer copied a case clause but forgot to change the test expression.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
switch (a) {
    case 1:
        break;
    case 1:
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-case">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateCase</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate case label.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    case 1:<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    case 1:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    default:<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The first similar label is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>switch (a) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    case 1:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    case 1:<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
switch (a) {
    case one:
        break;
    case one:
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-case">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateCase</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate case label.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    case one:<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    case one:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    default:<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The first similar label is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>switch (a) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    case one:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    case one:<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
switch (a) {
    case "1":
        break;
    case "1":
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-case">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateCase</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate case label.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    case &quot;1&quot;:<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    case &quot;1&quot;:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    default:<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The first similar label is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>switch (a) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    case &quot;1&quot;:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    case &quot;1&quot;:<br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
switch (a) {
    case 1:
        break;
    case 2:
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

```js
switch (a) {
    case one:
        break;
    case two:
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

```js
switch (a) {
    case "1":
        break;
    case "2":
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-duplicate-case.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noDuplicateCase
description: |
  Disallow duplicate case labels.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noDuplicateCase`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-duplicate-case" target="_blank"><code>no-duplicate-case</code></a>

Disallow duplicate case labels.

If a switch statement has duplicate test expressions in case clauses, it is likely that a programmer copied a case clause but forgot to change the test expression.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
switch (a) {
    case 1:
        break;
    case 1:
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-case">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateCase</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate case label.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    case 1:<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    case 1:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    default:<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The first similar label is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>switch (a) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    case 1:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    case 1:<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
switch (a) {
    case one:
        break;
    case one:
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-case">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateCase</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate case label.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    case one:<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    case one:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    default:<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The first similar label is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>switch (a) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    case one:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    case one:<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
switch (a) {
    case "1":
        break;
    case "1":
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-duplicate-case">lint/suspicious/noDuplicateCase</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Duplicate case label.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    case &quot;1&quot;:<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    case &quot;1&quot;:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    default:<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The first similar label is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>switch (a) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    case &quot;1&quot;:<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    case &quot;1&quot;:<br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
switch (a) {
    case 1:
        break;
    case 2:
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

```js
switch (a) {
    case one:
        break;
    case two:
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

```js
switch (a) {
    case "1":
        break;
    case "2":
        break;
    default:
        break;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
