src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-duplicated-fields.mdx, before:

---
title: noDuplicatedFields
description: |
  'No duplicated fields in GraphQL operations.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noDuplicatedFields`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="GraphQL" icon="seti:graphql">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://the-guild.dev/graphql/eslint/rules/no-duplicate-fields" target="_blank"><code>graphql/no-duplicate-fields</code></a>

No duplicated fields in GraphQL operations.

Checks for duplicate fields in selection set, variables in operation definition, or in arguments set of a field.

## Examples

### Invalid

```graphql
query test($v: String, $t: String, $v: String) {
  id
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text"></code></pre>

### Valid

```graphql
query {
  user {
    id
  }
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-duplicated-fields.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noDuplicatedFields
description: |
  No duplicated fields in GraphQL operations.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noDuplicatedFields`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="GraphQL" icon="seti:graphql">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://the-guild.dev/graphql/eslint/rules/no-duplicate-fields" target="_blank"><code>graphql/no-duplicate-fields</code></a>

No duplicated fields in GraphQL operations.

Checks for duplicate fields in selection set, variables in operation definition, or in arguments set of a field.

## Examples

### Invalid

```graphql
query test($v: String, $t: String, $v: String) {
  id
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text"></code></pre>

### Valid

```graphql
query {
  user {
    id
  }
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
