src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-default-export.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noDefaultExport
description: |
  Disallow default exports.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.4.0`

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/import-js/eslint-plugin-import/blob/main/docs/rules/no-default-export.md" target="_blank"><code>import/no-default-export</code></a>

## Description
Disallow default exports.

Default exports cannot be easily discovered inside an editor:
They cannot be suggested by the editor when the user tries to import a name.

Also, default exports don't encourage consistency over a code base:
the module that imports the default export must choose a name.
It is likely that different modules use different names.

Moreover, default exports encourage exporting an object that acts as a namespace.
This is a legacy pattern used to mimic CommonJS modules.

For all these reasons, a team may want to disallow default exports.

Note that this rule disallows only default exports in EcmaScript Module.
It ignores CommonJS default exports.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
export default function f() {};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-default-export">lint/style/noDefaultExport</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Avoid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>default</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> exports.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export default function f() &#123;&#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Default exports cannot be easily discovered inside an editor and don't encourage the use of consistent names through a code base.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
export default class C {};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-default-export">lint/style/noDefaultExport</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Avoid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>default</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> exports.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export default class C &#123;&#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Default exports cannot be easily discovered inside an editor and don't encourage the use of consistent names through a code base.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
export default {
    f() {},
    g() {},
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-default-export">lint/style/noDefaultExport</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Avoid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>default</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> exports.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export default &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    f() &#123;&#125;,<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    g() &#123;&#125;,<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Default exports cannot be easily discovered inside an editor and don't encourage the use of consistent names through a code base.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
export { X as default };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:15 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-default-export">lint/style/noDefaultExport</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Avoid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>default</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> exports.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export &#123; X as default &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Default exports cannot be easily discovered inside an editor and don't encourage the use of consistent names through a code base.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
export function f () {};
export class C {};
export { default as X } from "mod";
```

```cjs
module.exports = class {};
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"style": {
				"noDefaultExport": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-default-export.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noDefaultExport
description: |
  Disallow default exports.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.4.0`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/style/noDefaultExport`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**information**](/reference/diagnostics#information).
- Sources: 
  - Same as [`import/no-default-export`](https://github.com/import-js/eslint-plugin-import/blob/main/docs/rules/no-default-export.md)

## Description
Disallow default exports.

Default exports cannot be easily discovered inside an editor:
They cannot be suggested by the editor when the user tries to import a name.

Also, default exports don't encourage consistency over a code base:
the module that imports the default export must choose a name.
It is likely that different modules use different names.

Moreover, default exports encourage exporting an object that acts as a namespace.
This is a legacy pattern used to mimic CommonJS modules.

For all these reasons, a team may want to disallow default exports.

Note that this rule disallows only default exports in EcmaScript Module.
It ignores CommonJS default exports.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
export default function f() {};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-default-export">lint/style/noDefaultExport</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Avoid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>default</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> exports.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export default function f() &#123;&#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Default exports cannot be easily discovered inside an editor and don't encourage the use of consistent names through a code base.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
export default class C {};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-default-export">lint/style/noDefaultExport</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Avoid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>default</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> exports.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export default class C &#123;&#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Default exports cannot be easily discovered inside an editor and don't encourage the use of consistent names through a code base.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
export default {
    f() {},
    g() {},
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-default-export">lint/style/noDefaultExport</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Avoid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>default</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> exports.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export default &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    f() &#123;&#125;,<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    g() &#123;&#125;,<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Default exports cannot be easily discovered inside an editor and don't encourage the use of consistent names through a code base.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
export { X as default };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:15 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-default-export">lint/style/noDefaultExport</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Avoid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>default</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> exports.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export &#123; X as default &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Default exports cannot be easily discovered inside an editor and don't encourage the use of consistent names through a code base.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
export function f () {};
export class C {};
export { default as X } from "mod";
```

```cjs
module.exports = class {};
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"style": {
				"noDefaultExport": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
