src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-exported-imports.mdx, before:

---
title: noExportedImports
description: |
  'Disallow exporting an imported variable.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noExportedImports`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Disallow exporting an imported variable.

In JavaScript, you can re-export a variable either by using `export from` or
by first importing the variable and then exporting it with a regular `export`.

You may prefer to use the first approach, as it clearly communicates the intention
to re-export an import, and can make static analysis easier.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
import { A } from "mod";
export { A };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-exported-imports">lint/nursery/noExportedImports</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">An import should not be exported. Use </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import &#123; A &#125; from &quot;mod&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>export &#123; A &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> makes it clearer that the intention is to re-export a variable.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
import * as ns from "mod";
export { ns };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-exported-imports">lint/nursery/noExportedImports</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">An import should not be exported. Use </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import &#42; as ns from &quot;mod&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>export &#123; ns &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> makes it clearer that the intention is to re-export a variable.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
import D from "mod";
export { D };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-exported-imports">lint/nursery/noExportedImports</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">An import should not be exported. Use </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import D from &quot;mod&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>export &#123; D &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> makes it clearer that the intention is to re-export a variable.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
export { A } from "mod";
export * as ns from "mod";
export { default as D } from "mod";
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-exported-imports.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noExportedImports
description: |
  Disallow exporting an imported variable.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noExportedImports`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Disallow exporting an imported variable.

In JavaScript, you can re-export a variable either by using `export from` or
by first importing the variable and then exporting it with a regular `export`.

You may prefer to use the first approach, as it clearly communicates the intention
to re-export an import, and can make static analysis easier.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
import { A } from "mod";
export { A };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-exported-imports">lint/nursery/noExportedImports</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">An import should not be exported. Use </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import &#123; A &#125; from &quot;mod&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>export &#123; A &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> makes it clearer that the intention is to re-export a variable.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
import * as ns from "mod";
export { ns };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-exported-imports">lint/nursery/noExportedImports</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">An import should not be exported. Use </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import &#42; as ns from &quot;mod&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>export &#123; ns &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> makes it clearer that the intention is to re-export a variable.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
import D from "mod";
export { D };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-exported-imports">lint/nursery/noExportedImports</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">An import should not be exported. Use </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import D from &quot;mod&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>export &#123; D &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export from</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> makes it clearer that the intention is to re-export a variable.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
export { A } from "mod";
export * as ns from "mod";
export { default as D } from "mod";
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
