src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-exports-in-test.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noExportsInTest
description: |
  Disallow using `export` or `module.exports` in files containing tests
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
:::note
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/suspicious/noExportsInTest`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule is **recommended**. A [diagnostic error](/reference/diagnostics#error) will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://github.com/jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest/blob/main/docs/rules/no-export.md" target="_blank"><code>jest/no-export</code></a>

## Description
Disallow using `export` or `module.exports` in files containing tests

This rule aims to eliminate duplicate runs of tests by exporting things from test files.
If you import from a test file, then all the tests in that file will be run in each imported instance,
so bottom line, don't export from a test, but instead move helper functions into a separate file when they need to be shared across tests.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
export function myHelper() {}
describe('a test', () => {
    expect(1).toBe(1);
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-exports-in-test">lint/suspicious/noExportsInTest</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not export from a test file.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export function myHelper() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>describe('a test', () =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    expect(1).toBe(1);<br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
function myHelper() {}
describe('a test', () => {
    expect(1).toBe(1);
});
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"suspicious": {
				"noExportsInTest": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-exports-in-test.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noExportsInTest
description: |
  Disallow using `export` or `module.exports` in files containing tests
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.6.0`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/suspicious/noExportsInTest`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**error**](/reference/diagnostics#error).
- This rule belongs to the following domains:
  - [`test`](/linter/domains#test)
- Sources: 
  - Inspired from [`jest/no-export`](https://github.com/jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest/blob/main/docs/rules/no-export.md)

## Description
Disallow using `export` or `module.exports` in files containing tests

This rule aims to eliminate duplicate runs of tests by exporting things from test files.
If you import from a test file, then all the tests in that file will be run in each imported instance,
so bottom line, don't export from a test, but instead move helper functions into a separate file when they need to be shared across tests.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
export function myHelper() {}
describe('a test', () => {
    expect(1).toBe(1);
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-exports-in-test">lint/suspicious/noExportsInTest</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not export from a test file.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export function myHelper() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>describe('a test', () =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    expect(1).toBe(1);<br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
function myHelper() {}
describe('a test', () => {
    expect(1).toBe(1);
});
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"suspicious": {
				"noExportsInTest": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
