src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-excessive-cognitive-complexity.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noExcessiveCognitiveComplexity
description: |
  Disallow functions that exceed a given Cognitive Complexity score.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/SonarSource/eslint-plugin-sonarjs/blob/HEAD/docs/rules/cognitive-complexity.md" target="_blank"><code>sonarjs/cognitive-complexity</code></a>

## Description
Disallow functions that exceed a given Cognitive Complexity score.

The more complexity a function contains, the harder it is to understand
later on.

Reducing complexity helps to make code more maintenable, both by making
it easier to understand as well as by reducing chances of accidental
side-effects when making changes.

This rule calculates a complexity score for every function and disallows
those that exceed a configured complexity threshold (default: 15).

The complexity score is calculated based on the Cognitive Complexity
algorithm: https://redirect.sonarsource.com/doc/cognitive-complexity.html

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
function tooComplex() {
    for (let x = 0; x < 10; x++) {
        for (let y = 0; y < 10; y++) {
            for (let z = 0; z < 10; z++) {
                if (x % 2 === 0) {
                    if (y % 2 === 0) {
                        console.log(x > y ? `${x} > ${y}` : `${y} > ${x}`);
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-excessive-cognitive-complexity">lint/complexity/noExcessiveCognitiveComplexity</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Excessive complexity of 21 detected (max: 15).</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function tooComplex() &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    for (let x = 0; x &lt; 10; x++) &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        for (let y = 0; y &lt; 10; y++) &#123;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Please refactor this function to reduce its complexity score from 21 to the max allowed complexity 15.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

## Options

Allows to specify the maximum allowed complexity.

```json
{
    "options": {
        "maxAllowedComplexity": 15
    }
}
```

The allowed values range from 1 through 254. The default is 15.

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"complexity": {
				"noExcessiveCognitiveComplexity": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-excessive-cognitive-complexity.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noExcessiveCognitiveComplexity
description: |
  Disallow functions that exceed a given Cognitive Complexity score.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.0.0`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/complexity/noExcessiveCognitiveComplexity`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**information**](/reference/diagnostics#information).
- Sources: 
  - Same as [`sonarjs/cognitive-complexity`](https://github.com/SonarSource/eslint-plugin-sonarjs/blob/HEAD/docs/rules/cognitive-complexity.md)

## Description
Disallow functions that exceed a given Cognitive Complexity score.

The more complexity a function contains, the harder it is to understand
later on.

Reducing complexity helps to make code more maintenable, both by making
it easier to understand as well as by reducing chances of accidental
side-effects when making changes.

This rule calculates a complexity score for every function and disallows
those that exceed a configured complexity threshold (default: 15).

The complexity score is calculated based on the Cognitive Complexity
algorithm: https://redirect.sonarsource.com/doc/cognitive-complexity.html

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
function tooComplex() {
    for (let x = 0; x < 10; x++) {
        for (let y = 0; y < 10; y++) {
            for (let z = 0; z < 10; z++) {
                if (x % 2 === 0) {
                    if (y % 2 === 0) {
                        console.log(x > y ? `${x} > ${y}` : `${y} > ${x}`);
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-excessive-cognitive-complexity">lint/complexity/noExcessiveCognitiveComplexity</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Excessive complexity of 21 detected (max: 15).</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function tooComplex() &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    for (let x = 0; x &lt; 10; x++) &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        for (let y = 0; y &lt; 10; y++) &#123;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Please refactor this function to reduce its complexity score from 21 to the max allowed complexity 15.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

## Options

Allows to specify the maximum allowed complexity.

```json
{
    "options": {
        "maxAllowedComplexity": 15
    }
}
```

The allowed values range from 1 through 254. The default is 15.

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"complexity": {
				"noExcessiveCognitiveComplexity": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
