src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-empty-interface.md, before:

---
title: noEmptyInterface (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noEmptyInterface`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-empty-interface" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/no-empty-interface</code></a>

Disallow the declaration of empty interfaces.

An empty interface in TypeScript does very little: any non-nullable value is assignable to `{}`.
Using an empty interface is often a sign of programmer error, such as misunderstanding the concept of `{}` or forgetting to fill in fields.

The rule ignores empty interfaces that `extends` one or multiple types.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
interface A {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noEmptyInterface.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-empty-interface">lint/suspicious/noEmptyInterface</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">An </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>empty interface</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is equivalent to </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>{}</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>interface A {}
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a type alias instead.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">A</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">{</span><span style="color: Tomato;">}</span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">A</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">{</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">}</span>
    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
interface A {
  prop: string;
}

// Allow empty interfaces that extend a type.
interface B extends A {}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-empty-interface.md, after:

---
title: noEmptyInterface (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noEmptyInterface`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
- This rule is applied to **TypeScript and TSX** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-empty-interface" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/no-empty-interface</code></a>

Disallow the declaration of empty interfaces.

An empty interface in TypeScript does very little: any non-nullable value is assignable to `{}`.
Using an empty interface is often a sign of programmer error, such as misunderstanding the concept of `{}` or forgetting to fill in fields.

The rule ignores empty interfaces that `extends` one or multiple types.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
interface A {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noEmptyInterface.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-empty-interface">lint/suspicious/noEmptyInterface</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">An </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>empty interface</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is equivalent to </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>{}</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>interface A {}
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a type alias instead.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">A</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">{</span><span style="color: Tomato;">}</span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">A</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">{</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">}</span>
    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
interface A {
  prop: string;
}

// Allow empty interfaces that extend a type.
interface B extends A {}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
