src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-extra-non-null-assertion.mdx, before:

---
title: noExtraNonNullAssertion
description: |
  'Prevents the wrong usage of the non-null assertion operator () in TypeScript files.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noExtraNonNullAssertion`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="TypeScript and TSX" icon="seti:typescript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-extra-non-null-assertion" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/no-extra-non-null-assertion</code></a>

Prevents the wrong usage of the non-null assertion operator (`!`) in TypeScript files.

>The `!` non-null assertion operator in TypeScript is used to assert that a value's type does not include `null` or `undefined`. Using the operator any more than once on a single value does nothing.


## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
const bar = foo!!.bar;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:1:13 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-extra-non-null-assertion">lint/suspicious/noExtraNonNullAssertion</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Forbidden extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const bar = foo!!.bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>bar<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>foo<span style="color: Tomato;">!</span>!.bar;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>               <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>      <br /></code></pre>

```ts
function fn(bar?: { n: number }) {
  return bar!?.n;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-extra-non-null-assertion">lint/suspicious/noExtraNonNullAssertion</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Forbidden extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function fn(bar?: &#123; n: number &#125;) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>  return bar!?.n;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>return<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>bar<span style="color: Tomato;">!</span>?.n;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>            <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>    <br /></code></pre>

```ts
function fn(bar?: { n: number }) {
  return ((bar!))?.();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-extra-non-null-assertion">lint/suspicious/noExtraNonNullAssertion</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Forbidden extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function fn(bar?: &#123; n: number &#125;) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>  return ((bar!))?.();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>return<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>((bar<span style="color: Tomato;">!</span>))?.();<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>              <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>       <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
const bar = foo!.bar;

obj?.string!.trim();

function fn(key: string | null) {
  const obj = {};
  return obj?.[key!];
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-extra-non-null-assertion.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noExtraNonNullAssertion
description: |
  Prevents the wrong usage of the non-null assertion operator () in TypeScript files.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noExtraNonNullAssertion`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="TypeScript and TSX" icon="seti:typescript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-extra-non-null-assertion" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/no-extra-non-null-assertion</code></a>

Prevents the wrong usage of the non-null assertion operator (`!`) in TypeScript files.

>The `!` non-null assertion operator in TypeScript is used to assert that a value's type does not include `null` or `undefined`. Using the operator any more than once on a single value does nothing.


## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
const bar = foo!!.bar;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:1:13 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-extra-non-null-assertion">lint/suspicious/noExtraNonNullAssertion</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Forbidden extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const bar = foo!!.bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>bar<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>foo<span style="color: Tomato;">!</span>!.bar;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>               <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>      <br /></code></pre>

```ts
function fn(bar?: { n: number }) {
  return bar!?.n;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-extra-non-null-assertion">lint/suspicious/noExtraNonNullAssertion</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Forbidden extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function fn(bar?: &#123; n: number &#125;) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>  return bar!?.n;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>return<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>bar<span style="color: Tomato;">!</span>?.n;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>            <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>    <br /></code></pre>

```ts
function fn(bar?: { n: number }) {
  return ((bar!))?.();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-extra-non-null-assertion">lint/suspicious/noExtraNonNullAssertion</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Forbidden extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function fn(bar?: &#123; n: number &#125;) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>  return ((bar!))?.();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove extra non-null assertion.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>return<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>((bar<span style="color: Tomato;">!</span>))?.();<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>              <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>       <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
const bar = foo!.bar;

obj?.string!.trim();

function fn(key: string | null) {
  const obj = {};
  return obj?.[key!];
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
