src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-excessive-nested-test-suites.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noExcessiveNestedTestSuites
description: |
  This rule enforces a maximum depth to nested `describe()` in test files.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
:::note
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/complexity/noExcessiveNestedTestSuites`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule is **recommended**. A [diagnostic error](/reference/diagnostics#error) will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest/blob/main/docs/rules/max-nested-describe.md" target="_blank"><code>jest/max-nested-describe</code></a>

## Description
This rule enforces a maximum depth to nested `describe()` in test files.

To improve code clarity in your tests, the rule limits nested `describe` to 5.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
describe('foo', () => {
  describe('bar', () => {
    describe('baz', () => {
      describe('qux', () => {
        describe('quxx', () => {
          describe('too many', () => {
            it('should get something', () => {
              expect(getSomething()).toBe('Something');
            });
          });
        });
      });
    });
  });
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:6:11 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-excessive-nested-test-suites">lint/complexity/noExcessiveNestedTestSuites</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Excessive `describe()` nesting detected.</span><br />  <br />     <strong>4 │ </strong>      describe('qux', () =&gt; &#123;<br />     <strong>5 │ </strong>        describe('quxx', () =&gt; &#123;<br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>6 │ </strong>          describe('too many', () =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>7 │ </strong>            it('should get something', () =&gt; &#123;<br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>8 │ </strong>              expect(getSomething()).toBe('Something');<br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>9 │ </strong>            &#125;);<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>10 │ </strong>          &#125;);<br />    <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>11 │ </strong>        &#125;);<br />    <strong>12 │ </strong>      &#125;);<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Excessive nesting of </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>describe()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> calls can hinder test readability.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Consider refactoring and </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>reduce the level of nested describe</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> to improve code clarity.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
describe('foo', () => {
  describe('bar', () => {
    it('should get something', () => {
      expect(getSomething()).toBe('Something');
    });
  });
  describe('qux', () => {
    it('should get something', () => {
      expect(getSomething()).toBe('Something');
    });
  });
});
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"complexity": {
				"noExcessiveNestedTestSuites": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-excessive-nested-test-suites.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noExcessiveNestedTestSuites
description: |
  This rule enforces a maximum depth to nested `describe()` in test files.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.6.0`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/complexity/noExcessiveNestedTestSuites`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**error**](/reference/diagnostics#error).
- This rule belongs to the following domains:
  - [`test`](/linter/domains#test)
- Sources: 
  - Same as [`jest/max-nested-describe`](https://github.com/jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest/blob/main/docs/rules/max-nested-describe.md)

## Description
This rule enforces a maximum depth to nested `describe()` in test files.

To improve code clarity in your tests, the rule limits nested `describe` to 5.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
describe('foo', () => {
  describe('bar', () => {
    describe('baz', () => {
      describe('qux', () => {
        describe('quxx', () => {
          describe('too many', () => {
            it('should get something', () => {
              expect(getSomething()).toBe('Something');
            });
          });
        });
      });
    });
  });
});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:6:11 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-excessive-nested-test-suites">lint/complexity/noExcessiveNestedTestSuites</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Excessive `describe()` nesting detected.</span><br />  <br />     <strong>4 │ </strong>      describe('qux', () =&gt; &#123;<br />     <strong>5 │ </strong>        describe('quxx', () =&gt; &#123;<br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>6 │ </strong>          describe('too many', () =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>7 │ </strong>            it('should get something', () =&gt; &#123;<br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>8 │ </strong>              expect(getSomething()).toBe('Something');<br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>9 │ </strong>            &#125;);<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>10 │ </strong>          &#125;);<br />    <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>11 │ </strong>        &#125;);<br />    <strong>12 │ </strong>      &#125;);<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Excessive nesting of </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>describe()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> calls can hinder test readability.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Consider refactoring and </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>reduce the level of nested describe</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> to improve code clarity.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
describe('foo', () => {
  describe('bar', () => {
    it('should get something', () => {
      expect(getSomething()).toBe('Something');
    });
  });
  describe('qux', () => {
    it('should get something', () => {
      expect(getSomething()).toBe('Something');
    });
  });
});
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"complexity": {
				"noExcessiveNestedTestSuites": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
