src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-empty-character-class-in-regex.mdx, before:

---
title: noEmptyCharacterClassInRegex
description: |
  'Disallow empty character classes in regular expression literals.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noEmptyCharacterClassInRegex`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.3.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-empty-character-class" target="_blank"><code>no-empty-character-class</code></a>

Disallow empty character classes in regular expression literals.

Empty character classes don't match anything.
In contrast, negated empty classes match any character.
They are often the result of a typing mistake.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
/^a[]/.test("a"); // false
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-empty-character-class-in-regex">lint/correctness/noEmptyCharacterClassInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The regular expression includes this </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>empty character class</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^a[]/.test(&quot;a&quot;); // false<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Empty character classes don't match anything.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">If you want to match against </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>[</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">, escape it </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&#92;[</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">Otherwise, remove the character class or fill it.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^a[^]/.test("ax"); // true
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-empty-character-class-in-regex">lint/correctness/noEmptyCharacterClassInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The regular expression includes this </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>negated empty character class</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^a[^]/.test(&quot;ax&quot;); // true<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Negated empty character classes match anything.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">If you want to match against </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>[</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">, escape it </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&#92;[</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">Otherwise, remove the character class or fill it.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
/^a[xy]/.test("ay"); // true
```

```js
/^a[^xy]/.test("ab"); // true
```

```js
/^a\[]/.test("a[]"); // true
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-empty-character-class-in-regex.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noEmptyCharacterClassInRegex
description: |
  Disallow empty character classes in regular expression literals.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noEmptyCharacterClassInRegex`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.3.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-empty-character-class" target="_blank"><code>no-empty-character-class</code></a>

Disallow empty character classes in regular expression literals.

Empty character classes don't match anything.
In contrast, negated empty classes match any character.
They are often the result of a typing mistake.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
/^a[]/.test("a"); // false
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-empty-character-class-in-regex">lint/correctness/noEmptyCharacterClassInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The regular expression includes this </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>empty character class</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^a[]/.test(&quot;a&quot;); // false<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Empty character classes don't match anything.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">If you want to match against </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>[</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">, escape it </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&#92;[</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">Otherwise, remove the character class or fill it.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^a[^]/.test("ax"); // true
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-empty-character-class-in-regex">lint/correctness/noEmptyCharacterClassInRegex</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The regular expression includes this </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>negated empty character class</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^a[^]/.test(&quot;ax&quot;); // true<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Negated empty character classes match anything.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">If you want to match against </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>[</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">, escape it </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&#92;[</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">Otherwise, remove the character class or fill it.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
/^a[xy]/.test("ay"); // true
```

```js
/^a[^xy]/.test("ab"); // true
```

```js
/^a\[]/.test("a[]"); // true
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
