src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-fallthrough-switch-clause.md, before:

---
title: noFallthroughSwitchClause (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noFallthroughSwitchClause`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-fallthrough" target="_blank"><code>no-fallthrough</code></a>

Disallow fallthrough of `switch` clauses.

Switch clauses in `switch` statements fall through by default.
This can lead to unexpected behavior when forgotten.

>The rule doesn't take `process.exit()` in consideration.


## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
switch (bar) {
	case 0:
		a();
	case 1:
		b();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noFallthroughSwitchClause.js:2:2 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-fallthrough-switch-clause">lint/suspicious/noFallthroughSwitchClause</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This case is falling through to the next case.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>switch (bar) {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>	case 0:
   <strong>   │ </strong>	<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>		a();
   <strong>   │ </strong>		<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>4 │ </strong>	case 1:
    <strong>5 │ </strong>		b();
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Add a `break` or `return` statement to the end of this case to prevent fallthrough.</span>
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
switch (foo) {
	case 1:
    case 2:
		doSomething();
		break;
    case 3: {
        if (cond) {
            break;
        } else {
            break;
        }
    }
	case 4:
		doSomething();
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule (#303)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-fallthrough-switch-clause.md, after:

---
title: noFallthroughSwitchClause (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noFallthroughSwitchClause`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule is applied to **JavaScript and super languages** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-fallthrough" target="_blank"><code>no-fallthrough</code></a>

Disallow fallthrough of `switch` clauses.

Switch clauses in `switch` statements fall through by default.
This can lead to unexpected behavior when forgotten.

>The rule doesn't take `process.exit()` in consideration.


## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
switch (bar) {
	case 0:
		a();
	case 1:
		b();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noFallthroughSwitchClause.js:2:2 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-fallthrough-switch-clause">lint/suspicious/noFallthroughSwitchClause</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This case is falling through to the next case.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>switch (bar) {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>	case 0:
   <strong>   │ </strong>	<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>		a();
   <strong>   │ </strong>		<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>4 │ </strong>	case 1:
    <strong>5 │ </strong>		b();
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Add a `break` or `return` statement to the end of this case to prevent fallthrough.</span>
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
switch (foo) {
	case 1:
    case 2:
		doSomething();
		break;
    case 3: {
        if (cond) {
            break;
        } else {
            break;
        }
    }
	case 4:
		doSomething();
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
