src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-function-assign.mdx, before:

---
title: noFunctionAssign
description: |
  'Disallow reassigning function declarations.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-func-assign" target="_blank"><code>no-func-assign</code></a>

Disallow reassigning function declarations.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
function foo() { };
foo = bar;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>foo = bar;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>foo = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
function foo() {
    foo = bar;
 }
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    foo = bar;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    foo = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
foo = bar;
function foo() { };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>foo = bar;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>foo = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassignment happens here because the function declaration is hoisted.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
[foo] = bar;
function foo() { };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>[foo] = bar;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>[foo] = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong> <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassignment happens here because the function declaration is hoisted.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
({ x: foo = 0 } = bar);
function foo() { };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; x: foo = 0 &#125; = bar);<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; x: foo = 0 &#125; = bar);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassignment happens here because the function declaration is hoisted.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
function foo() {
    [foo] = bar;
 }
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    [foo] = bar;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    [foo] = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
(function () {
    ({ x: foo = 0 } = bar);
    function foo() { };
 })();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:14 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>(function () &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    (&#123; x: foo = 0 &#125; = bar);<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>    function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>             <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong> &#125;)();<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>(function () &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    (&#123; x: foo = 0 &#125; = bar);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong> &#125;)();<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassignment happens here because the function declaration is hoisted.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
function foo() {
    var foo = bar;
 }
```

```js
function foo(foo) {
    foo = bar;
 }
```

```js
function foo() {
    var foo;
    foo = bar;
 }
```

```js
var foo = () => {};
foo = bar;
```

```js
var foo = function() {};
foo = bar;
```

```js
var foo = function() {
    foo = bar;
 };
```

```js
import bar from 'bar';
function foo() {
    var foo = bar;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-function-assign.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noFunctionAssign
description: |
  Disallow reassigning function declarations.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-func-assign" target="_blank"><code>no-func-assign</code></a>

Disallow reassigning function declarations.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
function foo() { };
foo = bar;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>foo = bar;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>foo = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
function foo() {
    foo = bar;
 }
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    foo = bar;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    foo = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
foo = bar;
function foo() { };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>foo = bar;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>foo = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassignment happens here because the function declaration is hoisted.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
[foo] = bar;
function foo() { };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>[foo] = bar;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>[foo] = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong> <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassignment happens here because the function declaration is hoisted.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
({ x: foo = 0 } = bar);
function foo() { };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; x: foo = 0 &#125; = bar);<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; x: foo = 0 &#125; = bar);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassignment happens here because the function declaration is hoisted.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
function foo() {
    [foo] = bar;
 }
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    [foo] = bar;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function foo() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    [foo] = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
(function () {
    ({ x: foo = 0 } = bar);
    function foo() { };
 })();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:14 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-function-assign">lint/suspicious/noFunctionAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not reassign a function declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>(function () &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    (&#123; x: foo = 0 &#125; = bar);<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>    function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>             <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong> &#125;)();<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassigned here.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>(function () &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    (&#123; x: foo = 0 &#125; = bar);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    function foo() &#123; &#125;;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong> &#125;)();<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Reassignment happens here because the function declaration is hoisted.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
function foo() {
    var foo = bar;
 }
```

```js
function foo(foo) {
    foo = bar;
 }
```

```js
function foo() {
    var foo;
    foo = bar;
 }
```

```js
var foo = () => {};
foo = bar;
```

```js
var foo = function() {};
foo = bar;
```

```js
var foo = function() {
    foo = bar;
 };
```

```js
import bar from 'bar';
function foo() {
    var foo = bar;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
