src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-flat-map-identity.mdx, before:

---
title: noFlatMapIdentity
description: |
  'Disallow to use unnecessary callback on .'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noFlatMapIdentity`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.7.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/#/flat_map_identity" target="_blank"><code>flat_map_identity</code></a>

Disallow to use unnecessary callback on `flatMap`.

To achieve the same result (flattening an array) more concisely and efficiently, you should use `flat` instead.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
array.flatMap((arr) => arr);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-flat-map-identity">lint/correctness/noFlatMapIdentity</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid unnecessary callback in </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>flatMap</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> call.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>array.flatMap((arr) =&gt; arr);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">You can just use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flat</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> to flatten the array.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace unnecessary </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flatMap</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> call to </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flat</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>M</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&gt;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
array.flatMap((arr) => {return arr});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-flat-map-identity">lint/correctness/noFlatMapIdentity</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid unnecessary callback in </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>flatMap</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> call.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>array.flatMap((arr) =&gt; &#123;return arr&#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">You can just use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flat</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> to flatten the array.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace unnecessary </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flatMap</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> call to </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flat</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>M</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&gt;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#123;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#125;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
array.flatMap((arr) => arr * 2);
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-flat-map-identity.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noFlatMapIdentity
description: |
  Disallow to use unnecessary callback on .
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noFlatMapIdentity`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.7.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/#/flat_map_identity" target="_blank"><code>flat_map_identity</code></a>

Disallow to use unnecessary callback on `flatMap`.

To achieve the same result (flattening an array) more concisely and efficiently, you should use `flat` instead.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
array.flatMap((arr) => arr);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-flat-map-identity">lint/correctness/noFlatMapIdentity</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid unnecessary callback in </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>flatMap</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> call.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>array.flatMap((arr) =&gt; arr);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">You can just use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flat</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> to flatten the array.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace unnecessary </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flatMap</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> call to </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flat</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>M</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&gt;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
array.flatMap((arr) => {return arr});
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-flat-map-identity">lint/correctness/noFlatMapIdentity</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Avoid unnecessary callback in </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>flatMap</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> call.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>array.flatMap((arr) =&gt; &#123;return arr&#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">You can just use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flat</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> to flatten the array.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace unnecessary </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flatMap</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> call to </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>flat</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>M</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&gt;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#123;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#125;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
array.flatMap((arr) => arr * 2);
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
