src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-global-is-nan.mdx, before:

---
title: noGlobalIsNan
description: |
  'Use  instead of global .'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noGlobalIsNan`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Use `Number.isNaN` instead of global `isNaN`.

`Number.isNaN()` and `isNaN()` [do not have the same behavior](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN#description).
When the argument to `isNaN()` is not a number, the value is first coerced to a number.
`Number.isNaN()` does not perform this coercion.
Therefore, it is a more reliable way to test whether a value is `NaN`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
isNaN({}); // true
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-is-nan">lint/suspicious/noGlobalIsNan</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>isNaN</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is unsafe. It attempts a type coercion. Use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Number.isNaN</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>isNaN(&#123;&#125;); // true<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN#description">the MDN documentation</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Number.isNaN</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>N</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>N</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">/</span><span style="color: Tomato;">/</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>N</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>m</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>b</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>N</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>N</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">/</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">/</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
Number.isNaN({}); // false
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-global-is-nan.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noGlobalIsNan
description: |
  Use  instead of global .
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noGlobalIsNan`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Use `Number.isNaN` instead of global `isNaN`.

`Number.isNaN()` and `isNaN()` [do not have the same behavior](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN#description).
When the argument to `isNaN()` is not a number, the value is first coerced to a number.
`Number.isNaN()` does not perform this coercion.
Therefore, it is a more reliable way to test whether a value is `NaN`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
isNaN({}); // true
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-is-nan">lint/suspicious/noGlobalIsNan</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>isNaN</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is unsafe. It attempts a type coercion. Use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Number.isNaN</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>isNaN(&#123;&#125;); // true<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN#description">the MDN documentation</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Number.isNaN</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>N</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>N</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">/</span><span style="color: Tomato;">/</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>N</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>m</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>b</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>N</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>N</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">/</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">/</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
Number.isNaN({}); // false
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
