src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-global-assign.md, before:

---
title: noGlobalAssign (since v1.5.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noGlobalAssign`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-global-assign" target="_blank"><code>no-global-assign</code></a>

Disallow assignments to native objects and read-only global variables.

_JavaScript environments contain numerous built-in global variables, such as `window` in browsers and `process` in _Node.js.
Assigning values to these global variables can be problematic as it can override essential functionality.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
Object = null;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noGlobalAssign.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-assign">lint/suspicious/noGlobalAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">A global variable should not be reassigned.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>Object = null;
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning to a global variable can override essential functionality.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
window = {};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noGlobalAssign.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-assign">lint/suspicious/noGlobalAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">A global variable should not be reassigned.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>window = {};
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning to a global variable can override essential functionality.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
undefined = true;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noGlobalAssign.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-assign">lint/suspicious/noGlobalAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">A global variable should not be reassigned.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>undefined = true;
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning to a global variable can override essential functionality.</span>
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
a = 0;
```

```jsx
let window;
window = {};
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-global-assign.md, after:

---
title: noGlobalAssign (since v1.5.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noGlobalAssign`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule is applied to **JavaScript and super languages** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-global-assign" target="_blank"><code>no-global-assign</code></a>

Disallow assignments to native objects and read-only global variables.

_JavaScript environments contain numerous built-in global variables, such as `window` in browsers and `process` in _Node.js.
Assigning values to these global variables can be problematic as it can override essential functionality.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
Object = null;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noGlobalAssign.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-assign">lint/suspicious/noGlobalAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">A global variable should not be reassigned.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>Object = null;
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning to a global variable can override essential functionality.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
window = {};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noGlobalAssign.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-assign">lint/suspicious/noGlobalAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">A global variable should not be reassigned.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>window = {};
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning to a global variable can override essential functionality.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
undefined = true;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noGlobalAssign.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-assign">lint/suspicious/noGlobalAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">A global variable should not be reassigned.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>undefined = true;
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Assigning to a global variable can override essential functionality.</span>
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
a = 0;
```

```jsx
let window;
window = {};
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
