src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls.mdx, before:

---
title: noGlobalObjectCalls
description: |
  'Disallow calling global object properties as functions'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-obj-calls" target="_blank"><code>no-obj-calls</code></a>

Disallow calling global object properties as functions

ECMAScript provides several global objects that are intended to be used as-is.
Some of these objects look as if they could be constructors due their capitalization (such as Math and JSON) but will throw an error if you try to execute them as functions.

The ECMAScript 5 specification makes it clear that both Math and JSON cannot be invoked:
The Math object does not have a [[Call]] internal property; it is not possible to invoke the Math object as a function.

The ECMAScript 2015 specification makes it clear that Reflect cannot be invoked:
The Reflect object also does not have a [[Call]] internal method; it is not possible to invoke the Reflect object as a function.

The ECMAScript 2017 specification makes it clear that Atomics cannot be invoked:
The Atomics object does not have a [[Call]] internal method; it is not possible to invoke the Atomics object as a function.

And the ECMAScript Internationalization API Specification makes it clear that Intl cannot be invoked:
The Intl object does not have a [[Call]] internal method; it is not possible to invoke the Intl object as a function.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
var math = Math();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Math</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var math = Math();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var newMath = new Math();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:19 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Math</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var newMath = new Math();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var json = JSON();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Json</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var json = JSON();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var newJSON = new JSON();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:19 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Json</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var newJSON = new JSON();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var reflect = Reflect();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:15 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Reflect</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var reflect = Reflect();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var newReflect = new Reflect();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Reflect</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var newReflect = new Reflect();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var atomics = Atomics();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:15 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Atomics</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var atomics = Atomics();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var newAtomics = new Atomics();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Atomics</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var newAtomics = new Atomics();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var intl = Intl();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Intl</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var intl = Intl();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var newIntl = new Intl();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:19 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Intl</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var newIntl = new Intl();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
function area(r) {
    return Math.PI * r * r;
}

var object = JSON.parse("{}");

var value = Reflect.get({ x: 1, y: 2 }, "x");

var first = Atomics.load(foo, 0);

var segmenterFr = new Intl.Segmenter("fr", { granularity: "word" });
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noGlobalObjectCalls
description: |
  Disallow calling global object properties as functions
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-obj-calls" target="_blank"><code>no-obj-calls</code></a>

Disallow calling global object properties as functions

ECMAScript provides several global objects that are intended to be used as-is.
Some of these objects look as if they could be constructors due their capitalization (such as Math and JSON) but will throw an error if you try to execute them as functions.

The ECMAScript 5 specification makes it clear that both Math and JSON cannot be invoked:
The Math object does not have a [[Call]] internal property; it is not possible to invoke the Math object as a function.

The ECMAScript 2015 specification makes it clear that Reflect cannot be invoked:
The Reflect object also does not have a [[Call]] internal method; it is not possible to invoke the Reflect object as a function.

The ECMAScript 2017 specification makes it clear that Atomics cannot be invoked:
The Atomics object does not have a [[Call]] internal method; it is not possible to invoke the Atomics object as a function.

And the ECMAScript Internationalization API Specification makes it clear that Intl cannot be invoked:
The Intl object does not have a [[Call]] internal method; it is not possible to invoke the Intl object as a function.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
var math = Math();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Math</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var math = Math();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var newMath = new Math();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:19 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Math</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var newMath = new Math();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var json = JSON();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Json</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var json = JSON();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var newJSON = new JSON();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:19 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Json</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var newJSON = new JSON();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var reflect = Reflect();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:15 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Reflect</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var reflect = Reflect();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var newReflect = new Reflect();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Reflect</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var newReflect = new Reflect();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var atomics = Atomics();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:15 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Atomics</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var atomics = Atomics();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var newAtomics = new Atomics();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Atomics</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var newAtomics = new Atomics();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var intl = Intl();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Intl</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var intl = Intl();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
var newIntl = new Intl();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:19 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-object-calls">lint/correctness/noGlobalObjectCalls</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Intl</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not a function.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var newIntl = new Intl();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
function area(r) {
    return Math.PI * r * r;
}

var object = JSON.parse("{}");

var value = Reflect.get({ x: 1, y: 2 }, "x");

var first = Atomics.load(foo, 0);

var segmenterFr = new Intl.Segmenter("fr", { granularity: "word" });
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
