src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-global-eval.mdx, before:

---
title: noGlobalEval
description: |
  'Disallow the use of global .'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/security/noGlobalEval`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.5.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-eval" target="_blank"><code>no-eval</code></a>

Disallow the use of global `eval()`.

The `eval()` function evaluates the passed string as a _JavaScript_ code.
The executed code can access and mutate variables in the scope where the function is called.

The use of `eval()` exposes to [security risks and performance issues](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval#never_use_eval!).
If the executed code is somehow affected by a malicious party,
then you may end up executing malicious code with the privileges of the caller.
Moreover, changing variables in the caller's scope is expensive in modern _JavaScript_ interpreters.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
eval("var a = 0");
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-eval">lint/security/noGlobalEval</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> exposes to security risks and performance issues.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>eval(&quot;var a = 0&quot;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval#never_use_eval!">MDN web docs</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Refactor the code so that it doesn't need to call </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
(0, globalThis.eval)("var a = 0")
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-eval">lint/security/noGlobalEval</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> exposes to security risks and performance issues.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(0, globalThis.eval)(&quot;var a = 0&quot;)<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval#never_use_eval!">MDN web docs</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Refactor the code so that it doesn't need to call </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
f(eval);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-eval">lint/security/noGlobalEval</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> exposes to security risks and performance issues.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>f(eval);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval#never_use_eval!">MDN web docs</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Refactor the code so that it doesn't need to call </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const aliasedEval = eval;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:21 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-eval">lint/security/noGlobalEval</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> exposes to security risks and performance issues.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const aliasedEval = eval;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval#never_use_eval!">MDN web docs</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Refactor the code so that it doesn't need to call </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```cjs
function f(eval) {
    eval("let a = 0;");
}
```

The rule is not able to detect cases where the global object is aliased:

```js
let foo = globalThis;
foo.eval("let a = 0;");
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-global-eval.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noGlobalEval
description: |
  Disallow the use of global .
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/security/noGlobalEval`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.5.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-eval" target="_blank"><code>no-eval</code></a>

Disallow the use of global `eval()`.

The `eval()` function evaluates the passed string as a _JavaScript_ code.
The executed code can access and mutate variables in the scope where the function is called.

The use of `eval()` exposes to [security risks and performance issues](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval#never_use_eval!).
If the executed code is somehow affected by a malicious party,
then you may end up executing malicious code with the privileges of the caller.
Moreover, changing variables in the caller's scope is expensive in modern _JavaScript_ interpreters.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
eval("var a = 0");
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-eval">lint/security/noGlobalEval</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> exposes to security risks and performance issues.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>eval(&quot;var a = 0&quot;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval#never_use_eval!">MDN web docs</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Refactor the code so that it doesn't need to call </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
(0, globalThis.eval)("var a = 0")
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-eval">lint/security/noGlobalEval</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> exposes to security risks and performance issues.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(0, globalThis.eval)(&quot;var a = 0&quot;)<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval#never_use_eval!">MDN web docs</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Refactor the code so that it doesn't need to call </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
f(eval);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-eval">lint/security/noGlobalEval</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> exposes to security risks and performance issues.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>f(eval);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval#never_use_eval!">MDN web docs</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Refactor the code so that it doesn't need to call </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const aliasedEval = eval;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:21 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-global-eval">lint/security/noGlobalEval</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> exposes to security risks and performance issues.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const aliasedEval = eval;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval#never_use_eval!">MDN web docs</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Refactor the code so that it doesn't need to call </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>eval()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```cjs
function f(eval) {
    eval("let a = 0;");
}
```

The rule is not able to detect cases where the global object is aliased:

```js
let foo = globalThis;
foo.eval("let a = 0;");
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
