src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-irregular-whitespace.mdx, before:

---
title: noIrregularWhitespace
description: |
  'Disallows the use of irregular whitespace characters.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noIrregularWhitespace`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-irregular-whitespace" target="_blank"><code>no-irregular-whitespace</code></a>

Disallows the use of irregular whitespace characters.

Invalid or irregular whitespace causes issues with various parsers and also makes code harder to debug.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
letcount;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-irregular-whitespace">lint/nursery/noIrregularWhitespace</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Irregular whitespaces found.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let<span style="opacity: 0.8;">␋</span>count;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Irregular whitespaces can cause issues to other parsers, and make the code harder to debug.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace the irregular whitespaces with normal whitespaces or tabs.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
let foo;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-irregular-whitespace">lint/nursery/noIrregularWhitespace</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Irregular whitespaces found.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let<span style="opacity: 0.8;">␠</span>foo;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Irregular whitespaces can cause issues to other parsers, and make the code harder to debug.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace the irregular whitespaces with normal whitespaces or tabs.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const count = 1;
```

```js
const foo = '';
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="CSS" icon="seti:css">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint/blob/main/lib/rules/no-irregular-whitespace/README.md" target="_blank"><code>stylelint/no-irregular-whitespace</code></a>

Disallows the use of irregular whitespace characters.

Using irregular whitespace would lead to the failure of selecting the correct target.

## Examples

### Invalid

```css
.firstClass.secondClass {
  color: red;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.css:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-irregular-whitespace">lint/nursery/noIrregularWhitespace</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Irregular whitespace found.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>.firstClass<span style="opacity: 0.8;">␋</span>.secondClass &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  color: red;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace the irregular whitespace with normal whitespaces.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```css
.firstClass .secondClass {
  color:red;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.css:2:9 parse ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The CSS standard only allows tabs, whitespace, carriage return and line feed whitespace.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>.firstClass .secondClass &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>  color:<span style="opacity: 0.8;">␋</span>red;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a regular whitespace character instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```css
.firstClass .secondClass {
  color: red;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-irregular-whitespace.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noIrregularWhitespace
description: |
  Disallows the use of irregular whitespace characters.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noIrregularWhitespace`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-irregular-whitespace" target="_blank"><code>no-irregular-whitespace</code></a>

Disallows the use of irregular whitespace characters.

Invalid or irregular whitespace causes issues with various parsers and also makes code harder to debug.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
letcount;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-irregular-whitespace">lint/nursery/noIrregularWhitespace</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Irregular whitespaces found.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let<span style="opacity: 0.8;">␋</span>count;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Irregular whitespaces can cause issues to other parsers, and make the code harder to debug.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace the irregular whitespaces with normal whitespaces or tabs.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
let foo;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-irregular-whitespace">lint/nursery/noIrregularWhitespace</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Irregular whitespaces found.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let<span style="opacity: 0.8;">␠</span>foo;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Irregular whitespaces can cause issues to other parsers, and make the code harder to debug.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace the irregular whitespaces with normal whitespaces or tabs.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const count = 1;
```

```js
const foo = '';
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="CSS" icon="seti:css">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint/blob/main/lib/rules/no-irregular-whitespace/README.md" target="_blank"><code>stylelint/no-irregular-whitespace</code></a>

Disallows the use of irregular whitespace characters.

Using irregular whitespace would lead to the failure of selecting the correct target.

## Examples

### Invalid

```css
.firstClass.secondClass {
  color: red;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.css:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-irregular-whitespace">lint/nursery/noIrregularWhitespace</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Irregular whitespace found.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>.firstClass<span style="opacity: 0.8;">␋</span>.secondClass &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  color: red;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace the irregular whitespace with normal whitespaces.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```css
.firstClass .secondClass {
  color:red;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.css:2:9 parse ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The CSS standard only allows tabs, whitespace, carriage return and line feed whitespace.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>.firstClass .secondClass &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>  color:<span style="opacity: 0.8;">␋</span>red;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a regular whitespace character instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```css
.firstClass .secondClass {
  color: red;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
