src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-implicit-boolean.mdx, before:

---
title: noImplicitBoolean
description: |
  'Disallow implicit  values on JSX boolean attributes'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noImplicitBoolean`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/blob/master/docs/rules/jsx-boolean-value.md" target="_blank"><code>react/jsx-boolean-value</code></a>

Disallow implicit `true` values on JSX boolean attributes

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<input disabled />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-implicit-boolean">lint/style/noImplicitBoolean</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Use explicit boolean values for boolean JSX props.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;input disabled /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Add explicit `true` literal for this attribute</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;input<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>disabled<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>/&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>               <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>   <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<input disabled={false} />
```

```jsx
<input disabled={''} />
```

```jsx
<input disabled={0} />
```

```jsx
<input disabled={undefined} />
```

```jsx
<input disabled='false' />
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-implicit-boolean.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noImplicitBoolean
description: |
  Disallow implicit  values on JSX boolean attributes
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noImplicitBoolean`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/blob/master/docs/rules/jsx-boolean-value.md" target="_blank"><code>react/jsx-boolean-value</code></a>

Disallow implicit `true` values on JSX boolean attributes

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<input disabled />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-implicit-boolean">lint/style/noImplicitBoolean</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Use explicit boolean values for boolean JSX props.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;input disabled /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Add explicit `true` literal for this attribute</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;input<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>disabled<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>/&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>               <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>   <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<input disabled={false} />
```

```jsx
<input disabled={''} />
```

```jsx
<input disabled={0} />
```

```jsx
<input disabled={undefined} />
```

```jsx
<input disabled='false' />
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
