src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-invalid-new-builtin.md, before:

---
title: noInvalidNewBuiltin (since v1.3.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noInvalidNewBuiltin`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-new-native-nonconstructor" target="_blank"><code>no-new-native-nonconstructor</code></a>

Disallow `new` operators with global non-constructor functions.

Some global functions cannot be called using the new operator and
will throw a `TypeError` if you attempt to do so. These functions are:

- [`Symbol`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Symbol/Symbol)
- [`BigInt`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt/BigInt)

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
let foo = new Symbol('foo');
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">correctness/noInvalidNewBuiltin.js:1:11 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-invalid-new-builtin">lint/correctness/noInvalidNewBuiltin</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Symbol</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> cannot be called as a constructor.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let foo = new Symbol('foo');
   <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Calling </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Symbol</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>new</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> operator throws a </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>TypeError</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>new</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  1 │ </strong>let<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>foo<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">w</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>Symbol('foo');
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>          <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>              
</code></pre>

```jsx
let bar = new BigInt(9007199254740991);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">correctness/noInvalidNewBuiltin.js:1:11 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-invalid-new-builtin">lint/correctness/noInvalidNewBuiltin</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>BigInt</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> cannot be called as a constructor.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let bar = new BigInt(9007199254740991);
   <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Calling </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>BigInt</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>new</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> operator throws a </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>TypeError</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>new</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  1 │ </strong>let<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>bar<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">w</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>BigInt(9007199254740991);
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>          <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>                         
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
let foo = Symbol('foo');

function baz(Symbol) {
    const qux = new Symbol("baz");
}
```

```jsx
let bar = BigInt(9007199254740991);

function quux(BigInt) {
    const corge = new BigInt(9007199254740991);
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-invalid-new-builtin.md, after:

---
title: noInvalidNewBuiltin (since v1.3.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noInvalidNewBuiltin`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
- This rule is applied to **JavaScript and super languages** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-new-native-nonconstructor" target="_blank"><code>no-new-native-nonconstructor</code></a>

Disallow `new` operators with global non-constructor functions.

Some global functions cannot be called using the new operator and
will throw a `TypeError` if you attempt to do so. These functions are:

- [`Symbol`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Symbol/Symbol)
- [`BigInt`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt/BigInt)

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
let foo = new Symbol('foo');
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">correctness/noInvalidNewBuiltin.js:1:11 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-invalid-new-builtin">lint/correctness/noInvalidNewBuiltin</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Symbol</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> cannot be called as a constructor.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let foo = new Symbol('foo');
   <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Calling </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Symbol</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>new</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> operator throws a </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>TypeError</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>new</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  1 │ </strong>let<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>foo<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">w</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>Symbol('foo');
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>          <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>              
</code></pre>

```jsx
let bar = new BigInt(9007199254740991);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">correctness/noInvalidNewBuiltin.js:1:11 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-invalid-new-builtin">lint/correctness/noInvalidNewBuiltin</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>BigInt</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> cannot be called as a constructor.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let bar = new BigInt(9007199254740991);
   <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Calling </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>BigInt</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>new</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> operator throws a </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>TypeError</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>new</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  1 │ </strong>let<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>bar<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">w</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>BigInt(9007199254740991);
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>          <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>                         
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
let foo = Symbol('foo');

function baz(Symbol) {
    const qux = new Symbol("baz");
}
```

```jsx
let bar = BigInt(9007199254740991);

function quux(BigInt) {
    const corge = new BigInt(9007199254740991);
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
