src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-invalid-constructor-super.mdx, before:

---
title: noInvalidConstructorSuper
description: |
  'Prevents the incorrect use of  inside classes. It also checks whether a call  is missing from classes that extends other constructors.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noInvalidConstructorSuper`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/constructor-super" target="_blank"><code>constructor-super</code></a>

Prevents the incorrect use of `super()` inside classes. It also checks whether a call `super()` is missing from classes that extends other constructors.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
class A {
    constructor() {
        super();
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-invalid-constructor-super">lint/correctness/noInvalidConstructorSuper</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This class should not have a </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>super()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> call. You should remove it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        super();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class A extends undefined {
    constructor() {
        super();
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-invalid-constructor-super">lint/correctness/noInvalidConstructorSuper</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This class calls </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>super()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">, but the class extends from a non-constructor.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A extends undefined &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        super();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">This is where the non-constructor is used.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>class A extends undefined &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor() &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        super();<br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
export default class A extends B {
    constructor() {
        super();
    }
}
```

```js
export class A {
    constructor() {}
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-invalid-constructor-super.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noInvalidConstructorSuper
description: |
  Prevents the incorrect use of  inside classes. It also checks whether a call  is missing from classes that extends other constructors.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noInvalidConstructorSuper`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/constructor-super" target="_blank"><code>constructor-super</code></a>

Prevents the incorrect use of `super()` inside classes. It also checks whether a call `super()` is missing from classes that extends other constructors.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
class A {
    constructor() {
        super();
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-invalid-constructor-super">lint/correctness/noInvalidConstructorSuper</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This class should not have a </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>super()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> call. You should remove it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        super();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class A extends undefined {
    constructor() {
        super();
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-invalid-constructor-super">lint/correctness/noInvalidConstructorSuper</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This class calls </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>super()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">, but the class extends from a non-constructor.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A extends undefined &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        super();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">This is where the non-constructor is used.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>class A extends undefined &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor() &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        super();<br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
export default class A extends B {
    constructor() {
        super();
    }
}
```

```js
export class A {
    constructor() {}
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
