src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class.mdx, before:

---
title: noMisleadingCharacterClass
description: |
  'Disallow characters made with multiple code points in character class syntax.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.5.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-misleading-character-class" target="_blank"><code>no-misleading-character-class</code></a>

Disallow characters made with multiple code points in character class syntax.

Unicode includes the characters which are made with multiple code points. e.g. Á, 🇯🇵, 👨‍👩‍👦.
A RegExp character class `/[abc]/` cannot handle characters with multiple code points.
For example, the character `❇️` consists of two code points: `❇` (U+2747) and `VARIATION SELECTOR-16` (U+FE0F).
If this character is in a RegExp character class, it will match to either `❇` or `VARIATION SELECTOR-16` rather than `❇️`.
This rule reports the regular expressions which include multiple code point characters in character class syntax.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
/^[Á]$/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected combined character in the character class.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[Á]$/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^[❇️]$/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected combined character in the character class.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[❇️]$/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^[👶🏻]$/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected modified Emoji in the character class. </span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[👶🏻]$/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^[🇯🇵]$/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Regional indicator symbol characters should not be used in the character class.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[🇯🇵]$/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^[👨‍👩‍👦]$/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected joined character sequence in character class.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[👨‍👩‍👦]$/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^[👍]$/; // surrogate pair without u flag
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected surrogate pair in character class. Use the 'u' flag.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[👍]$/; // surrogate pair without u flag<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Add unicode </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> flag to regex</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>/^[👍]$/<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span>;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>//<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>surrogate<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>pair<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>without<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>u<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>flag<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>        <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>                                  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
/^[abc]$/;
/^[👍]$/u;
/^[\q{👶🏻}]$/v;
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noMisleadingCharacterClass
description: |
  Disallow characters made with multiple code points in character class syntax.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.5.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-misleading-character-class" target="_blank"><code>no-misleading-character-class</code></a>

Disallow characters made with multiple code points in character class syntax.

Unicode includes the characters which are made with multiple code points. e.g. Á, 🇯🇵, 👨‍👩‍👦.
A RegExp character class `/[abc]/` cannot handle characters with multiple code points.
For example, the character `❇️` consists of two code points: `❇` (U+2747) and `VARIATION SELECTOR-16` (U+FE0F).
If this character is in a RegExp character class, it will match to either `❇` or `VARIATION SELECTOR-16` rather than `❇️`.
This rule reports the regular expressions which include multiple code point characters in character class syntax.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
/^[Á]$/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected combined character in the character class.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[Á]$/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^[❇️]$/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected combined character in the character class.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[❇️]$/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^[👶🏻]$/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected modified Emoji in the character class. </span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[👶🏻]$/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^[🇯🇵]$/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Regional indicator symbol characters should not be used in the character class.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[🇯🇵]$/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^[👨‍👩‍👦]$/u;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected joined character sequence in character class.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[👨‍👩‍👦]$/u;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
/^[👍]$/; // surrogate pair without u flag
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-misleading-character-class">lint/suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unexpected surrogate pair in character class. Use the 'u' flag.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/^[👍]$/; // surrogate pair without u flag<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Add unicode </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> flag to regex</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>/^[👍]$/<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span>;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>//<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>surrogate<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>pair<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>without<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>u<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>flag<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>        <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>                                  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
/^[abc]$/;
/^[👍]$/u;
/^[\q{👶🏻}]$/v;
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
