src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role.mdx, before:

---
title: noNoninteractiveElementToInteractiveRole
description: |
  'Enforce that interactive ARIA roles are not assigned to non-interactive HTML elements.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/a11y/noNoninteractiveElementToInteractiveRole`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role</code></a>

Enforce that interactive ARIA roles are not assigned to non-interactive HTML elements.

Non-interactive HTML elements indicate _content_ and _containers_ in the user interface.
Non-interactive elements include `<main>`, `<area>`, `<h1>` (,`<h2>`, etc), `<img>`, `<li>`, `<ul>` and `<ol>`.

Interactive HTML elements indicate _controls_ in the user interface.
Interactive elements include `<a href>`, `<button>`, `<input>`, `<select>`, `<textarea>`.

[WAI-ARIA roles](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#usage_intro) should not be used to convert a non-interactive element to an interactive element.
Interactive ARIA roles include `button`, `link`, `checkbox`, `menuitem`, `menuitemcheckbox`, `menuitemradio`, `option`, `radio`, `searchbox`, `switch` and `textbox`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<h1 role="button">Some text</h1>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role">lint/a11y/noNoninteractiveElementToInteractiveRole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The HTML element </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>h1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is non-interactive and should not have an interactive role.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;h1 role=&quot;button&quot;&gt;Some text&lt;/h1&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>h1</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with a div or a span.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;h1<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;Some<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>text&lt;/h1&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>    <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>               <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<span role="button">Some text</span>
```

## Accessibility guidelines

- [WCAG 4.1.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/name-role-value)

### Resources

- [WAI-ARIA roles](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#usage_intro)
- [WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices Guide - Design Patterns and Widgets](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/#aria_ex)
- [Fundamental Keyboard Navigation Conventions](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/#kbd_generalnav)
- [Mozilla Developer Network - ARIA Techniques](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Techniques/Using_the_button_role#Keyboard_and_focus)

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noNoninteractiveElementToInteractiveRole
description: |
  Enforce that interactive ARIA roles are not assigned to non-interactive HTML elements.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/a11y/noNoninteractiveElementToInteractiveRole`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role</code></a>

Enforce that interactive ARIA roles are not assigned to non-interactive HTML elements.

Non-interactive HTML elements indicate _content_ and _containers_ in the user interface.
Non-interactive elements include `<main>`, `<area>`, `<h1>` (,`<h2>`, etc), `<img>`, `<li>`, `<ul>` and `<ol>`.

Interactive HTML elements indicate _controls_ in the user interface.
Interactive elements include `<a href>`, `<button>`, `<input>`, `<select>`, `<textarea>`.

[WAI-ARIA roles](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#usage_intro) should not be used to convert a non-interactive element to an interactive element.
Interactive ARIA roles include `button`, `link`, `checkbox`, `menuitem`, `menuitemcheckbox`, `menuitemradio`, `option`, `radio`, `searchbox`, `switch` and `textbox`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<h1 role="button">Some text</h1>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role">lint/a11y/noNoninteractiveElementToInteractiveRole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The HTML element </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>h1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is non-interactive and should not have an interactive role.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;h1 role=&quot;button&quot;&gt;Some text&lt;/h1&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>h1</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with a div or a span.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;h1<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;Some<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>text&lt;/h1&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>    <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>               <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<span role="button">Some text</span>
```

## Accessibility guidelines

- [WCAG 4.1.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/name-role-value)

### Resources

- [WAI-ARIA roles](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#usage_intro)
- [WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices Guide - Design Patterns and Widgets](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/#aria_ex)
- [Fundamental Keyboard Navigation Conventions](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/#kbd_generalnav)
- [Mozilla Developer Network - ARIA Techniques](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Techniques/Using_the_button_role#Keyboard_and_focus)

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
