src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-namespace-import.mdx, before:

---
title: noNamespaceImport
description: |
  'Disallow the use of namespace imports.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noNamespaceImport`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/thepassle/eslint-plugin-barrel-files/blob/main/docs/rules/avoid-namespace-import.md" target="_blank"><code>barrel-files/avoid-namespace-import</code></a>

Disallow the use of namespace imports.

Namespace imports might impact the efficiency of tree shaking, a process that removes unused code from bundles.
The effectiveness of tree shaking largely depends on the bundler (e.g., Webpack, Rollup) and its configuration.
Modern bundlers are generally capable of handling namespace imports effectively, but using named imports is recommended for optimal tree shaking and minimizing bundle size.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
import * as foo from "foo";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-namespace-import">lint/style/noNamespaceImport</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Avoid namespace imports, it can prevent efficient tree shaking and increase bundle size.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import &#42; as foo from &quot;foo&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use named imports instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
import { foo } from "foo"
import type { bar } from "bar"
import type * as baz from "baz"
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-namespace-import.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noNamespaceImport
description: |
  Disallow the use of namespace imports.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noNamespaceImport`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/thepassle/eslint-plugin-barrel-files/blob/main/docs/rules/avoid-namespace-import.md" target="_blank"><code>barrel-files/avoid-namespace-import</code></a>

Disallow the use of namespace imports.

Namespace imports might impact the efficiency of tree shaking, a process that removes unused code from bundles.
The effectiveness of tree shaking largely depends on the bundler (e.g., Webpack, Rollup) and its configuration.
Modern bundlers are generally capable of handling namespace imports effectively, but using named imports is recommended for optimal tree shaking and minimizing bundle size.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
import * as foo from "foo";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-namespace-import">lint/style/noNamespaceImport</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Avoid namespace imports, it can prevent efficient tree shaking and increase bundle size.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import &#42; as foo from &quot;foo&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use named imports instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
import { foo } from "foo"
import type { bar } from "bar"
import type * as baz from "baz"
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
