src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-nonoctal-decimal-escape.mdx, before:

---
title: noNonoctalDecimalEscape
description: |
  'Disallow  and  escape sequences in string literals.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noNonoctalDecimalEscape`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-nonoctal-decimal-escape" target="_blank"><code>no-nonoctal-decimal-escape</code></a>

Disallow `\8` and `\9` escape sequences in string literals.

Since ECMAScript 2021, the escape sequences \8 and \9 have been defined as non-octal decimal escape sequences.
However, most JavaScript engines consider them to be "useless" escapes. For example:

```js
"\8" === "8"; // true
"\9" === "9"; // true
```

Although this syntax is deprecated, it is still supported for compatibility reasons.
If the ECMAScript host is not a web browser, this syntax is optional.
However, web browsers are still required to support it, but only in non-strict mode.
Regardless of your targeted environment, it is recommended to avoid using these escape sequences in new code.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
const x = "\8";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-nonoctal-decimal-escape">lint/correctness/noNonoctalDecimalEscape</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Don't use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;8`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> and </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;9`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> escape sequences in string literals.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const x = &quot;&#92;8&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The nonoctal decimal escape is a deprecated syntax that is left for compatibility and should not be used.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&#92;8</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>8</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">. This maintains the current functionality.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>x<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&quot;<span style="color: Tomato;">&#92;</span>8&quot;;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>           <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>   <br /></code></pre>

```js
const x = "Don't use \8 escape.";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-nonoctal-decimal-escape">lint/correctness/noNonoctalDecimalEscape</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Don't use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;8`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> and </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;9`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> escape sequences in string literals.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const x = &quot;Don't use &#92;8 escape.&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The nonoctal decimal escape is a deprecated syntax that is left for compatibility and should not be used.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&#92;8</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>8</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">. This maintains the current functionality.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>x<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&quot;Don't<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>use<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#92;</span>8<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>escape.&quot;;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>           <br /></code></pre>

```js
const x = "Don't use \9 escape.";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-nonoctal-decimal-escape">lint/correctness/noNonoctalDecimalEscape</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Don't use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;8`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> and </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;9`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> escape sequences in string literals.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const x = &quot;Don't use &#92;9 escape.&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The nonoctal decimal escape is a deprecated syntax that is left for compatibility and should not be used.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&#92;9</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>9</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">. This maintains the current functionality.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>x<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&quot;Don't<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>use<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#92;</span>9<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>escape.&quot;;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>           <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const x = "8";
```

```js
const x = "Don't use \\8 and \\9 escapes.";
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-nonoctal-decimal-escape.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noNonoctalDecimalEscape
description: |
  Disallow  and  escape sequences in string literals.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noNonoctalDecimalEscape`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-nonoctal-decimal-escape" target="_blank"><code>no-nonoctal-decimal-escape</code></a>

Disallow `\8` and `\9` escape sequences in string literals.

Since ECMAScript 2021, the escape sequences \8 and \9 have been defined as non-octal decimal escape sequences.
However, most JavaScript engines consider them to be "useless" escapes. For example:

```js
"\8" === "8"; // true
"\9" === "9"; // true
```

Although this syntax is deprecated, it is still supported for compatibility reasons.
If the ECMAScript host is not a web browser, this syntax is optional.
However, web browsers are still required to support it, but only in non-strict mode.
Regardless of your targeted environment, it is recommended to avoid using these escape sequences in new code.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
const x = "\8";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-nonoctal-decimal-escape">lint/correctness/noNonoctalDecimalEscape</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Don't use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;8`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> and </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;9`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> escape sequences in string literals.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const x = &quot;&#92;8&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The nonoctal decimal escape is a deprecated syntax that is left for compatibility and should not be used.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&#92;8</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>8</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">. This maintains the current functionality.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>x<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&quot;<span style="color: Tomato;">&#92;</span>8&quot;;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>           <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>   <br /></code></pre>

```js
const x = "Don't use \8 escape.";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-nonoctal-decimal-escape">lint/correctness/noNonoctalDecimalEscape</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Don't use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;8`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> and </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;9`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> escape sequences in string literals.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const x = &quot;Don't use &#92;8 escape.&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The nonoctal decimal escape is a deprecated syntax that is left for compatibility and should not be used.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&#92;8</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>8</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">. This maintains the current functionality.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>x<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&quot;Don't<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>use<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#92;</span>8<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>escape.&quot;;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>           <br /></code></pre>

```js
const x = "Don't use \9 escape.";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:22 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-nonoctal-decimal-escape">lint/correctness/noNonoctalDecimalEscape</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Don't use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;8`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> and </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>`&#92;9`</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> escape sequences in string literals.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const x = &quot;Don't use &#92;9 escape.&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The nonoctal decimal escape is a deprecated syntax that is left for compatibility and should not be used.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&#92;9</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>9</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">. This maintains the current functionality.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>x<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&quot;Don't<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>use<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#92;</span>9<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>escape.&quot;;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>           <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const x = "8";
```

```js
const x = "Don't use \\8 and \\9 escapes.";
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
