src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-parameter-assign.md, before:

---
title: noParameterAssign (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noParameterAssign`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-param-reassign" target="_blank"><code>no-param-reassign</code></a>

Disallow reassigning `function` parameters.

Assignment to a `function` parameters can be misleading and confusing,
as modifying parameters will also mutate the `arguments` object.
It is often unintended and indicative of a programmer error.

In contrast to the _ESLint_ rule, this rule cannot be configured to report
assignments to a property of a parameter.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
function f(param) {
    param = 13;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/noParameterAssign.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-parameter-assign">lint/style/noParameterAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Reassigning a </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function parameter</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is confusing.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    param = 13;
   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
    <strong>4 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>parameter</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is declared here:</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>    param = 13;
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
function f(param) {
    param++;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/noParameterAssign.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-parameter-assign">lint/style/noParameterAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Reassigning a </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function parameter</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is confusing.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    param++;
   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
    <strong>4 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>parameter</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is declared here:</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>    param++;
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
function f(param) {
    for (param of arr) {}
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/noParameterAssign.js:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-parameter-assign">lint/style/noParameterAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Reassigning a </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function parameter</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is confusing.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    for (param of arr) {}
   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
    <strong>4 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>parameter</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is declared here:</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>    for (param of arr) {}
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```ts
class C {
    constructor(readonly prop: number) {
        prop++
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/noParameterAssign.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-parameter-assign">lint/style/noParameterAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Reassigning a </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function parameter</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is confusing.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>class C {
    <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor(readonly prop: number) {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        prop++
   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>4 │ </strong>    }
    <strong>5 │ </strong>}
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>parameter</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is declared here:</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>class C {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor(readonly prop: number) {
   <strong>   │ </strong>                         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>        prop++
    <strong>4 │ </strong>    }
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span>
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
function f(param) {
    let local = param;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule (#303)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-parameter-assign.md, after:

---
title: noParameterAssign (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noParameterAssign`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule is applied to **JavaScript and super languages** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-param-reassign" target="_blank"><code>no-param-reassign</code></a>

Disallow reassigning `function` parameters.

Assignment to a `function` parameters can be misleading and confusing,
as modifying parameters will also mutate the `arguments` object.
It is often unintended and indicative of a programmer error.

In contrast to the _ESLint_ rule, this rule cannot be configured to report
assignments to a property of a parameter.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
function f(param) {
    param = 13;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/noParameterAssign.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-parameter-assign">lint/style/noParameterAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Reassigning a </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function parameter</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is confusing.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    param = 13;
   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
    <strong>4 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>parameter</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is declared here:</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>    param = 13;
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
function f(param) {
    param++;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/noParameterAssign.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-parameter-assign">lint/style/noParameterAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Reassigning a </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function parameter</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is confusing.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    param++;
   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
    <strong>4 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>parameter</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is declared here:</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>    param++;
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
function f(param) {
    for (param of arr) {}
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/noParameterAssign.js:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-parameter-assign">lint/style/noParameterAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Reassigning a </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function parameter</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is confusing.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    for (param of arr) {}
   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
    <strong>4 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>parameter</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is declared here:</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function f(param) {
   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>    for (param of arr) {}
    <strong>3 │ </strong>}
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```ts
class C {
    constructor(readonly prop: number) {
        prop++
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/noParameterAssign.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-parameter-assign">lint/style/noParameterAssign</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Reassigning a </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function parameter</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is confusing.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>class C {
    <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor(readonly prop: number) {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        prop++
   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>4 │ </strong>    }
    <strong>5 │ </strong>}
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>parameter</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is declared here:</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>class C {
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor(readonly prop: number) {
   <strong>   │ </strong>                         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>        prop++
    <strong>4 │ </strong>    }
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span>
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
function f(param) {
    let local = param;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
