src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-parameter-properties.mdx, before:

---
title: noParameterProperties
description: |
  'Disallow the use of parameter properties in class constructors.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noParameterProperties`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="TypeScript and TSX" icon="seti:typescript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/parameter-properties" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/parameter-properties</code></a>

Disallow the use of parameter properties in class constructors.

TypeScript includes a "parameter properties" shorthand for declaring a class constructor parameter and class property in one location.
Parameter properties can confuse those new to TypeScript as they are less explicit than other ways of declaring and initializing class members.
Moreover, private class properties, starting with `#`, cannot be turned into "parameter properties".
This questions the future of this feature.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
class A {
    constructor(readonly name: string) {}
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:17 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-parameter-properties">lint/style/noParameterProperties</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Use a more explicit </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>class property</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> instead of a </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>parameter property</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;">.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor(readonly name: string) &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Parameter properties</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> are less explicit than other ways of declaring and initializing </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>class properties</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
class A {
    constructor(name: string) {}
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-parameter-properties.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noParameterProperties
description: |
  Disallow the use of parameter properties in class constructors.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noParameterProperties`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="TypeScript and TSX" icon="seti:typescript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/parameter-properties" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/parameter-properties</code></a>

Disallow the use of parameter properties in class constructors.

TypeScript includes a "parameter properties" shorthand for declaring a class constructor parameter and class property in one location.
Parameter properties can confuse those new to TypeScript as they are less explicit than other ways of declaring and initializing class members.
Moreover, private class properties, starting with `#`, cannot be turned into "parameter properties".
This questions the future of this feature.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
class A {
    constructor(readonly name: string) {}
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:17 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-parameter-properties">lint/style/noParameterProperties</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Use a more explicit </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>class property</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> instead of a </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>parameter property</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;">.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    constructor(readonly name: string) &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Parameter properties</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> are less explicit than other ways of declaring and initializing </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>class properties</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
class A {
    constructor(name: string) {}
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
