src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-process-env.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noProcessEnv
description: |
  Disallow the use of `process.env`.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.9.1`

:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/eslint-community/eslint-plugin-n/blob/master/docs/rules/no-process-env.md" target="_blank"><code>n/no-process-env</code></a>

## Description
Disallow the use of `process.env`.

The `process.env` object in Node.js stores configuration settings. Using it directly throughout a project can cause problems:

1. It's harder to maintain
2. It can lead to conflicts in team development
3. It complicates deployment across multiple servers

A better practice is to keep all settings in one configuration file and reference it throughout the project.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
if (process.env.NODE_ENV === 'development') {
  // ...
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-process-env">lint/nursery/noProcessEnv</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Don't use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>process.env</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (process.env.NODE&#95;ENV === 'development') &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  // ...<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a centralized configuration file instead for better maintainability and deployment consistency.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const config = require('./config');
if (config.NODE_ENV === 'development') {
  // ...
}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"nursery": {
				"noProcessEnv": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-process-env.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noProcessEnv
description: |
  Disallow the use of `process.env`.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.9.1`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/nursery/noProcessEnv`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**information**](/reference/diagnostics#information).
- Sources: 
  - Same as [`n/no-process-env`](https://github.com/eslint-community/eslint-plugin-n/blob/master/docs/rules/no-process-env.md)

:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::
## Description
Disallow the use of `process.env`.

The `process.env` object in Node.js stores configuration settings. Using it directly throughout a project can cause problems:

1. It's harder to maintain
2. It can lead to conflicts in team development
3. It complicates deployment across multiple servers

A better practice is to keep all settings in one configuration file and reference it throughout the project.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
if (process.env.NODE_ENV === 'development') {
  // ...
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-process-env">lint/nursery/noProcessEnv</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Don't use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>process.env</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (process.env.NODE&#95;ENV === 'development') &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  // ...<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a centralized configuration file instead for better maintainability and deployment consistency.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const config = require('./config');
if (config.NODE_ENV === 'development') {
  // ...
}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"nursery": {
				"noProcessEnv": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
