src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-render-return-value.mdx, before:

---
title: noRenderReturnValue
description: |
  'Prevent the usage of the return value of .'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noRenderReturnValue`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Prevent the usage of the return value of `React.render`.

>`ReactDOM.render()` currently returns a reference to the root `ReactComponent` instance. However, using this return value is legacy
and should be avoided because future versions of React may render components asynchronously in some cases.
If you need a reference to the root `ReactComponent` instance, the preferred solution is to attach a [callback ref](https://reactjs.org/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html#callback-refs)
to the root element.


Source: [ReactDOM documentation](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/react-dom.html#render)

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
const foo = ReactDOM.render(<div />, document.body);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:13 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-render-return-value">lint/correctness/noRenderReturnValue</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not depend on the value returned by the function </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>ReactDOM.render()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const foo = ReactDOM.render(&lt;div /&gt;, document.body);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The returned value is legacy and future versions of React might return that value asynchronously.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">Check the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/react-dom.html#render">React documentation</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more information.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
ReactDOM.render(<div />, document.body);
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-render-return-value.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noRenderReturnValue
description: |
  Prevent the usage of the return value of .
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noRenderReturnValue`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Prevent the usage of the return value of `React.render`.

>`ReactDOM.render()` currently returns a reference to the root `ReactComponent` instance. However, using this return value is legacy
and should be avoided because future versions of React may render components asynchronously in some cases.
If you need a reference to the root `ReactComponent` instance, the preferred solution is to attach a [callback ref](https://reactjs.org/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html#callback-refs)
to the root element.


Source: [ReactDOM documentation](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/react-dom.html#render)

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
const foo = ReactDOM.render(<div />, document.body);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:13 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-render-return-value">lint/correctness/noRenderReturnValue</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not depend on the value returned by the function </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>ReactDOM.render()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const foo = ReactDOM.render(&lt;div /&gt;, document.body);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The returned value is legacy and future versions of React might return that value asynchronously.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">Check the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/react-dom.html#render">React documentation</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more information.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
ReactDOM.render(<div />, document.body);
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
