src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-redeclare.mdx, before:

---
title: noRedeclare
description: |
  'Disallow variable, function, class, and type redeclarations in the same scope.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noRedeclare`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-redeclare" target="_blank"><code>no-redeclare</code></a>
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-redeclare" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/no-redeclare</code></a>

Disallow variable, function, class, and type redeclarations in the same scope.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
var a = 3;
var a = 10;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redeclare">lint/suspicious/noRedeclare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Shouldn't redeclare 'a'. Consider to delete it or rename it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>var a = 3;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>var a = 10;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'a' is defined here:</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var a = 3;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>var a = 10;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
let a = 3;
let a = 10;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redeclare">lint/suspicious/noRedeclare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Shouldn't redeclare 'a'. Consider to delete it or rename it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>let a = 3;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>let a = 10;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'a' is defined here:</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let a = 3;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>let a = 10;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
function f() {}
function f() {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redeclare">lint/suspicious/noRedeclare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Shouldn't redeclare 'f'. Consider to delete it or rename it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function f() &#123;&#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>function f() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'f' is defined here:</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function f() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>function f() &#123;&#125;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class C {
    static {
        var c = 3;
        var c = 10;
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:13 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redeclare">lint/suspicious/noRedeclare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Shouldn't redeclare 'c'. Consider to delete it or rename it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    static &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        var c = 3;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>        var c = 10;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'c' is defined here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class C &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    static &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        var c = 3;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>        var c = 10;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```ts
type Person = { name: string; }
class Person { name: string; }
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:7 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redeclare">lint/suspicious/noRedeclare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Shouldn't redeclare 'Person'. Consider to delete it or rename it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>type Person = &#123; name: string; &#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>class Person &#123; name: string; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'Person' is defined here:</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>type Person = &#123; name: string; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>class Person &#123; name: string; &#125;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
var a = 3;
a = 10;
```

```ts
class Foo {
    bar(a: A);
    bar(a: A, b: B);
    bar(a: A, b: B) {}
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-redeclare.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noRedeclare
description: |
  Disallow variable, function, class, and type redeclarations in the same scope.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noRedeclare`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-redeclare" target="_blank"><code>no-redeclare</code></a>
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-redeclare" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/no-redeclare</code></a>

Disallow variable, function, class, and type redeclarations in the same scope.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
var a = 3;
var a = 10;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redeclare">lint/suspicious/noRedeclare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Shouldn't redeclare 'a'. Consider to delete it or rename it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>var a = 3;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>var a = 10;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'a' is defined here:</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var a = 3;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>var a = 10;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
let a = 3;
let a = 10;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redeclare">lint/suspicious/noRedeclare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Shouldn't redeclare 'a'. Consider to delete it or rename it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>let a = 3;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>let a = 10;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'a' is defined here:</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let a = 3;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>let a = 10;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
function f() {}
function f() {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redeclare">lint/suspicious/noRedeclare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Shouldn't redeclare 'f'. Consider to delete it or rename it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function f() &#123;&#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>function f() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'f' is defined here:</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>function f() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>function f() &#123;&#125;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class C {
    static {
        var c = 3;
        var c = 10;
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:13 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redeclare">lint/suspicious/noRedeclare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Shouldn't redeclare 'c'. Consider to delete it or rename it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    static &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        var c = 3;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>        var c = 10;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'c' is defined here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class C &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    static &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        var c = 3;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>        var c = 10;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```ts
type Person = { name: string; }
class Person { name: string; }
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:7 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redeclare">lint/suspicious/noRedeclare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Shouldn't redeclare 'Person'. Consider to delete it or rename it.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>type Person = &#123; name: string; &#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>class Person &#123; name: string; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'Person' is defined here:</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>type Person = &#123; name: string; &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>class Person &#123; name: string; &#125;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
var a = 3;
a = 10;
```

```ts
class Foo {
    bar(a: A);
    bar(a: A, b: B);
    bar(a: A, b: B) {}
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
