src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-redundant-roles.mdx, before:

---
title: noRedundantRoles
description: |
  'Enforce explicit  property is not the same as implicit/default role property on an element.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/a11y/noRedundantRoles`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/no-redundant-roles.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/no-redundant-roles</code></a>

Enforce explicit `role` property is not the same as implicit/default role property on an element.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<article role='article'></article>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:15 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redundant-roles">lint/a11y/noRedundantRoles</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Using the role attribute 'article' on the 'article' element is redundant, because it is implied by the semantic 'article' element.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;article role='article'&gt;&lt;/article&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;article<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span>&gt;&lt;/article&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>         <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>           <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<button role='button'></button>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:14 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redundant-roles">lint/a11y/noRedundantRoles</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Using the role attribute 'button' on the 'button' element is redundant, because it is implied by the semantic 'button' element.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;button role='button'&gt;&lt;/button&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>             <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;button<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span>&gt;&lt;/button&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>        <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>          <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<h1 role='heading' aria-level='1'>title</h1>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redundant-roles">lint/a11y/noRedundantRoles</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Using the role attribute 'heading' on the 'h1' element is redundant, because it is implied by the semantic 'h1' element.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;h1 role='heading' aria-level='1'&gt;title&lt;/h1&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;h1<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">g</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>aria-level='1'&gt;title&lt;/h1&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>    <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>                         <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<article role='presentation'></article>
```

```jsx
<Button role='button'></Button>
```

```jsx
<span></span>
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-redundant-roles.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noRedundantRoles
description: |
  Enforce explicit  property is not the same as implicit/default role property on an element.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/a11y/noRedundantRoles`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/no-redundant-roles.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/no-redundant-roles</code></a>

Enforce explicit `role` property is not the same as implicit/default role property on an element.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<article role='article'></article>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:15 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redundant-roles">lint/a11y/noRedundantRoles</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Using the role attribute 'article' on the 'article' element is redundant, because it is implied by the semantic 'article' element.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;article role='article'&gt;&lt;/article&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;article<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span>&gt;&lt;/article&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>         <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>           <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<button role='button'></button>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:14 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redundant-roles">lint/a11y/noRedundantRoles</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Using the role attribute 'button' on the 'button' element is redundant, because it is implied by the semantic 'button' element.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;button role='button'&gt;&lt;/button&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>             <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;button<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span>&gt;&lt;/button&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>        <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>          <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<h1 role='heading' aria-level='1'>title</h1>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-redundant-roles">lint/a11y/noRedundantRoles</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Using the role attribute 'heading' on the 'h1' element is redundant, because it is implied by the semantic 'h1' element.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;h1 role='heading' aria-level='1'&gt;title&lt;/h1&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;h1<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">g</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>aria-level='1'&gt;title&lt;/h1&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>    <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>                         <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<article role='presentation'></article>
```

```jsx
<Button role='button'></Button>
```

```jsx
<span></span>
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
