src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-restricted-globals.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noRestrictedGlobals
description: |
  This rule allows you to specify global variable names that you don’t want to use in your application.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-restricted-globals" target="_blank"><code>no-restricted-globals</code></a>

## Description
This rule allows you to specify global variable names that you don’t want to use in your application.

References to the global identifiers `error` and `event` are always disallowed by this rule.

>Disallowing usage of specific global variables can be useful if you want to allow a set of
global variables by enabling an environment, but still want to disallow some of those.


## Examples

### Invalid

```js
console.log(event)
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:13 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-restricted-globals">lint/style/noRestrictedGlobals</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Do not use the global variable </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>event</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>console.log(event)<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
function f(event) {
    console.log(event)
}
```

## Options

Use the options to specify additional globals that you want to restrict in your
source code.

```json
{
    "options": {
        "deniedGlobals": ["$", "MooTools"]
    }
}
```

In the example above, the rule will emit a diagnostics if tried to use `$` or `MooTools` without
creating a local variable.

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"style": {
				"noRestrictedGlobals": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-restricted-globals.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noRestrictedGlobals
description: |
  This rule allows you to specify global variable names that you don’t want to use in your application.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.0.0`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/style/noRestrictedGlobals`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**information**](/reference/diagnostics#information).
- Sources: 
  - Same as [`no-restricted-globals`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-restricted-globals)

## Description
This rule allows you to specify global variable names that you don’t want to use in your application.

References to the global identifiers `error` and `event` are always disallowed by this rule.

>Disallowing usage of specific global variables can be useful if you want to allow a set of
global variables by enabling an environment, but still want to disallow some of those.


## Examples

### Invalid

```js
console.log(event)
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:13 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-restricted-globals">lint/style/noRestrictedGlobals</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Do not use the global variable </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>event</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>console.log(event)<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a local variable instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
function f(event) {
    console.log(event)
}
```

## Options

Use the options to specify additional globals that you want to restrict in your
source code.

```json
{
    "options": {
        "deniedGlobals": ["$", "MooTools"]
    }
}
```

In the example above, the rule will emit a diagnostics if tried to use `$` or `MooTools` without
creating a local variable.

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"style": {
				"noRestrictedGlobals": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
