src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-re-export-all.mdx, before:

---
title: noReExportAll
description: |
  'Avoid re-export all.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/performance/noReExportAll`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/thepassle/eslint-plugin-barrel-files/blob/main/docs/rules/avoid-re-export-all.md" target="_blank"><code>barrel-files/avoid-re-export-all</code></a>

Avoid re-export all.

Deeply nested import chains in modular projects, where a barrel file imports another barrel file, can lead to increased load times and complexity.
This structure results in the unnecessary loading of many modules, significantly impacting performance in large-scale applications.
Additionally, it complicates the codebase, making it difficult to navigate and understand the project's dependency graph.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
export * from "foo";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-re-export-all">lint/performance/noReExportAll</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Do not use export all ( </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>export &#42; from ...</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> ).</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export &#42; from &quot;foo&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
export * as foo from "foo";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-re-export-all">lint/performance/noReExportAll</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Do not use export all ( </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>export &#42; from ...</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> ).</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export &#42; as foo from &quot;foo&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
export { foo } from "foo";
```

```ts
export type * from "foo";
export type * as bar from "bar";
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-re-export-all.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noReExportAll
description: |
  Avoid re-export all.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/performance/noReExportAll`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/thepassle/eslint-plugin-barrel-files/blob/main/docs/rules/avoid-re-export-all.md" target="_blank"><code>barrel-files/avoid-re-export-all</code></a>

Avoid re-export all.

Deeply nested import chains in modular projects, where a barrel file imports another barrel file, can lead to increased load times and complexity.
This structure results in the unnecessary loading of many modules, significantly impacting performance in large-scale applications.
Additionally, it complicates the codebase, making it difficult to navigate and understand the project's dependency graph.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
export * from "foo";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-re-export-all">lint/performance/noReExportAll</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Do not use export all ( </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>export &#42; from ...</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> ).</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export &#42; from &quot;foo&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
export * as foo from "foo";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-re-export-all">lint/performance/noReExportAll</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Do not use export all ( </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>export &#42; from ...</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> ).</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export &#42; as foo from &quot;foo&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use named export instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
export { foo } from "foo";
```

```ts
export type * from "foo";
export type * as bar from "bar";
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
