src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-shouty-constants.mdx, before:

---
title: noShoutyConstants
description: |
  'Disallow the use of constants which its value is the upper-case version of its name.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noShoutyConstants`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Disallow the use of constants which its value is the upper-case version of its name.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
const FOO = "FOO";
console.log(FOO);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:7 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-shouty-constants">lint/style/noShoutyConstants</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Redundant constant declaration.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const FOO = &quot;FOO&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>console.log(FOO);<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Used here.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const FOO = &quot;FOO&quot;;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>console.log(FOO);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">You should avoid declaring constants with a string that's the same<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">    value as the variable name. It introduces a level of unnecessary<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">    indirection when it's only two additional characters to inline.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use the constant value directly</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>F</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>O</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>O</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>F</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>O</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>O</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span><br />    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">g</span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">F</span><span style="color: Tomato;">O</span><span style="color: Tomato;">O</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br />      <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">.</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">g</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">F</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">O</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">O</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>3</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
let FOO = "FOO";
console.log(FOO);
```

```js
export const FOO = "FOO";
console.log(FOO);
```

```js
function f(FOO = "FOO") {
    return FOO;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-shouty-constants.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noShoutyConstants
description: |
  Disallow the use of constants which its value is the upper-case version of its name.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noShoutyConstants`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Disallow the use of constants which its value is the upper-case version of its name.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
const FOO = "FOO";
console.log(FOO);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:7 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-shouty-constants">lint/style/noShoutyConstants</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Redundant constant declaration.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const FOO = &quot;FOO&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>console.log(FOO);<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Used here.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const FOO = &quot;FOO&quot;;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>console.log(FOO);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">You should avoid declaring constants with a string that's the same<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">    value as the variable name. It introduces a level of unnecessary<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;">    indirection when it's only two additional characters to inline.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use the constant value directly</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>F</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>O</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>O</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>F</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>O</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>O</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span><br />    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">g</span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">F</span><span style="color: Tomato;">O</span><span style="color: Tomato;">O</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br />      <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">.</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">g</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">F</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">O</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">O</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>3</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
let FOO = "FOO";
console.log(FOO);
```

```js
export const FOO = "FOO";
console.log(FOO);
```

```js
function f(FOO = "FOO") {
    return FOO;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
