src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-setter-return.mdx, before:

---
title: noSetterReturn
description: |
  'Disallow returning a value from a setter'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noSetterReturn`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-setter-return" target="_blank"><code>no-setter-return</code></a>

Disallow returning a value from a setter

While returning a value from a setter does not produce an error, the returned value is being ignored. Therefore, returning a value from a setter is either unnecessary or a possible error.

Only returning without a value is allowed, as it’s a control flow statement.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
class A {
    set foo(x) {
        return x;
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-setter-return">lint/correctness/noSetterReturn</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The setter should not </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>return</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> a value.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        return x;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The setter is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        return x;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Returning a value from a setter is ignored.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const b = {
    set foo(x) {
        return x;
    },
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-setter-return">lint/correctness/noSetterReturn</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The setter should not </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>return</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> a value.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const b = &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        return x;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;,<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The setter is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const b = &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        return x;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Returning a value from a setter is ignored.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const c = {
    set foo(x) {
        if (x) {
            return x;
        }
    },
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:13 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-setter-return">lint/correctness/noSetterReturn</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The setter should not </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>return</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> a value.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        if (x) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>            return x;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        &#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125;,<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The setter is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const c = &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        if (x) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>            return x;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>5 │ </strong>        &#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125;,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>7 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />    <strong>8 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Returning a value from a setter is ignored.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
// early-return
class A {
    set foo(x) {
        if (x) {
            return;
        }
    }
}
```

```js
// not a setter
class B {
  set(x) {
    return x;
  }
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-setter-return.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noSetterReturn
description: |
  Disallow returning a value from a setter
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noSetterReturn`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-setter-return" target="_blank"><code>no-setter-return</code></a>

Disallow returning a value from a setter

While returning a value from a setter does not produce an error, the returned value is being ignored. Therefore, returning a value from a setter is either unnecessary or a possible error.

Only returning without a value is allowed, as it’s a control flow statement.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
class A {
    set foo(x) {
        return x;
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-setter-return">lint/correctness/noSetterReturn</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The setter should not </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>return</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> a value.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        return x;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The setter is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        return x;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Returning a value from a setter is ignored.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const b = {
    set foo(x) {
        return x;
    },
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-setter-return">lint/correctness/noSetterReturn</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The setter should not </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>return</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> a value.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const b = &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        return x;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;,<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The setter is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const b = &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        return x;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Returning a value from a setter is ignored.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const c = {
    set foo(x) {
        if (x) {
            return x;
        }
    },
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:13 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-setter-return">lint/correctness/noSetterReturn</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The setter should not </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>return</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> a value.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        if (x) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>            return x;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>            <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        &#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125;,<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The setter is here:</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const c = &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    set foo(x) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        if (x) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>            return x;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>5 │ </strong>        &#125;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125;,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>7 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />    <strong>8 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Returning a value from a setter is ignored.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
// early-return
class A {
    set foo(x) {
        if (x) {
            return;
        }
    }
}
```

```js
// not a setter
class B {
  set(x) {
    return x;
  }
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
