src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-self-compare.md, before:

---
title: noSelfCompare (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noSelfCompare`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-self-compare" target="_blank"><code>no-self-compare</code></a>
- Same as: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/#/eq_op" target="_blank"><code>eq_op</code></a>

Disallow comparisons where both sides are exactly the same.

>Comparing a variable against itself is usually an error, either a typo or refactoring error. It is confusing to the reader and may potentially introduce a runtime error.


>The only time you would compare a variable against itself is when you are testing for `NaN`.
However, it is far more appropriate to use `typeof x === 'number' && Number.isNaN(x)` for that use case rather than leaving the reader of the code to determine the intent of self comparison.


## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
if (x === x) {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noSelfCompare.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-self-compare">lint/suspicious/noSelfCompare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Comparing to itself is potentially pointless.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (x === x) {}
   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
if (a.b.c() !== a.b .c()) {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noSelfCompare.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-self-compare">lint/suspicious/noSelfCompare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Comparing to itself is potentially pointless.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (a.b.c() !== a.b .c()) {}
   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
</code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule (#303)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-self-compare.md, after:

---
title: noSelfCompare (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noSelfCompare`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule is applied to **JavaScript and super languages** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-self-compare" target="_blank"><code>no-self-compare</code></a>
- Same as: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/#/eq_op" target="_blank"><code>eq_op</code></a>

Disallow comparisons where both sides are exactly the same.

>Comparing a variable against itself is usually an error, either a typo or refactoring error. It is confusing to the reader and may potentially introduce a runtime error.


>The only time you would compare a variable against itself is when you are testing for `NaN`.
However, it is far more appropriate to use `typeof x === 'number' && Number.isNaN(x)` for that use case rather than leaving the reader of the code to determine the intent of self comparison.


## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
if (x === x) {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noSelfCompare.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-self-compare">lint/suspicious/noSelfCompare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Comparing to itself is potentially pointless.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (x === x) {}
   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
if (a.b.c() !== a.b .c()) {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noSelfCompare.js:1:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-self-compare">lint/suspicious/noSelfCompare</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Comparing to itself is potentially pointless.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>if (a.b.c() !== a.b .c()) {}
   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
</code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
