src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-sparse-array.md, before:

---
title: noSparseArray (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noSparseArray`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-sparse-array" target="_blank"><code>no-sparse-array</code></a>

Disallow sparse arrays

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
[1,,2]
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noSparseArray.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-sparse-array">lint/suspicious/noSparseArray</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>array</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> contains an </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>empty slot</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>[1,,2]
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace hole with undefined</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  1 │ </strong>[1,<span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">d</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">i</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">d</span>,2]
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>   <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>   
</code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule (#303)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-sparse-array.md, after:

---
title: noSparseArray (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noSparseArray`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
- This rule is applied to **JavaScript and super languages** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-sparse-array" target="_blank"><code>no-sparse-array</code></a>

Disallow sparse arrays

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
[1,,2]
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">suspicious/noSparseArray.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-sparse-array">lint/suspicious/noSparseArray</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>array</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> contains an </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>empty slot</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>[1,,2]
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace hole with undefined</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  1 │ </strong>[1,<span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">d</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">i</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">d</span>,2]
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>   <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>   
</code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
