src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-then-property.mdx, before:

---
title: noThenProperty
description: |
  'Disallow  property.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noThenProperty`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.5.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn/blob/main/docs/rules/no-thenable.md" target="_blank"><code>unicorn/no-thenable</code></a>

Disallow `then` property.

When combining objects with a `then` method (thenable objects) with await expressions or dynamic imports, caution is necessary.
These syntaxes interpret the object's then method as intended for the resolution or rejection of a promise, which can lead to unexpected behavior or errors.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
export {then};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not export </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export &#123;then&#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const foo = {
    then() {}
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to an object.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const foo = &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    then() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const foo = {
    get then() {}
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to an object.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const foo = &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    get then() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const foo = {
   get then() {}
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to an object.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const foo = &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>   get then() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
foo.then = function () {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to an object.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>foo.then = function () &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class Foo {
    then() {}
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to a class.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    then() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class Foo {
    static then() {}
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to a class.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    static then() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
export {then as success};
```

```js
const foo = {
    success() {}
};
```

```js
class Foo {
    success() {}
}
```

```js
const foo = bar.then;
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-then-property.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noThenProperty
description: |
  Disallow  property.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noThenProperty`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.5.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn/blob/main/docs/rules/no-thenable.md" target="_blank"><code>unicorn/no-thenable</code></a>

Disallow `then` property.

When combining objects with a `then` method (thenable objects) with await expressions or dynamic imports, caution is necessary.
These syntaxes interpret the object's then method as intended for the resolution or rejection of a promise, which can lead to unexpected behavior or errors.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
export {then};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not export </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export &#123;then&#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const foo = {
    then() {}
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to an object.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const foo = &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    then() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const foo = {
    get then() {}
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to an object.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const foo = &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    get then() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
const foo = {
   get then() {}
};
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to an object.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const foo = &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>   get then() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
foo.then = function () {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to an object.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>foo.then = function () &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class Foo {
    then() {}
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to a class.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    then() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
class Foo {
    static then() {}
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-then-property">lint/suspicious/noThenProperty</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Do not add </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>then</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> to a class.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class Foo &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    static then() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
export {then as success};
```

```js
const foo = {
    success() {}
};
```

```js
class Foo {
    success() {}
}
```

```js
const foo = bar.then;
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
