src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-useless-rename.mdx, before:

---
title: noUselessRename
description: |
  'Disallow renaming import, export, and destructured assignments to the same name.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/noUselessRename`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-useless-rename" target="_blank"><code>no-useless-rename</code></a>

Disallow renaming import, export, and destructured assignments to the same name.

ES2015 allows for the renaming of references in import and export statements as well as destructuring assignments.
This gives programmers a concise syntax for performing these operations while renaming these references:

```js
import { foo as bar } from "baz";
export { foo as bar };
let { foo: bar } = baz;
```

With this syntax, it is possible to rename a reference to the same name.
This is a completely redundant operation, as this is the same as not renaming at all.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
import { foo as foo } from "bar";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-rename">lint/complexity/noUselessRename</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Useless rename.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import &#123; foo as foo &#125; from &quot;bar&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the renaming.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>import<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#123;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>foo<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>&#125;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>from<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&quot;bar&quot;;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>             <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>             <br /></code></pre>

```js
export { foo as foo };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-rename">lint/complexity/noUselessRename</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Useless rename.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export &#123; foo as foo &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the renaming.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>export<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#123;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>foo<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>&#125;;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>             <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>  <br /></code></pre>

```js
let { foo: foo } = bar;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:7 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-rename">lint/complexity/noUselessRename</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Useless rename.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let &#123; foo: foo &#125; = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the renaming.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>let<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#123;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>foo<span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#125;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>bar;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>         <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>         <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
import { foo as bar } from "baz";
```

```js
export { foo as bar };
```

```js
let { foo: bar } = baz;
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-useless-rename.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noUselessRename
description: |
  Disallow renaming import, export, and destructured assignments to the same name.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/noUselessRename`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-useless-rename" target="_blank"><code>no-useless-rename</code></a>

Disallow renaming import, export, and destructured assignments to the same name.

ES2015 allows for the renaming of references in import and export statements as well as destructuring assignments.
This gives programmers a concise syntax for performing these operations while renaming these references:

```js
import { foo as bar } from "baz";
export { foo as bar };
let { foo: bar } = baz;
```

With this syntax, it is possible to rename a reference to the same name.
This is a completely redundant operation, as this is the same as not renaming at all.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
import { foo as foo } from "bar";
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-rename">lint/complexity/noUselessRename</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Useless rename.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import &#123; foo as foo &#125; from &quot;bar&quot;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the renaming.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>import<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#123;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>foo<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>&#125;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>from<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&quot;bar&quot;;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>             <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>             <br /></code></pre>

```js
export { foo as foo };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-rename">lint/complexity/noUselessRename</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Useless rename.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export &#123; foo as foo &#125;;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the renaming.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>export<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#123;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>foo<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>&#125;;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>             <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>  <br /></code></pre>

```js
let { foo: foo } = bar;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:7 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-rename">lint/complexity/noUselessRename</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Useless rename.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let &#123; foo: foo &#125; = bar;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the renaming.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>let<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#123;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>foo<span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#125;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>bar;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>         <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>         <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
import { foo as bar } from "baz";
```

```js
export { foo as bar };
```

```js
let { foo: bar } = baz;
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
