src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally.mdx, before:

---
title: noUnsafeFinally
description: |
  'Disallow control flow statements in finally blocks.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-unsafe-finally" target="_blank"><code>no-unsafe-finally</code></a>

Disallow control flow statements in finally blocks.

JavaScript suspends the control flow statements of `try` and `catch` blocks until
the execution of finally block finishes. So, when `return`, `throw`, `break` or `continue`
is used in finally, control flow statements inside `try` and `catch` are overwritten,
which is considered as unexpected behavior.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
(() => {
    try {
        return 1; // 1 is returned but suspended until finally block ends
    } catch(err) {
        return 2;
    } finally {
        return 3; // 3 is returned before 1, which we did not expect
    }
})();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:7:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally">lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unsafe usage of 'return'.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        return 2;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125; finally &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>7 │ </strong>        return 3; // 3 is returned before 1, which we did not expect<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>8 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>9 │ </strong>&#125;)();<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'return' in 'finally' overwrites the control flow statements inside 'try' and 'catch'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
(() => {
    try {
        throw new Error("Try"); // error is thrown but suspended until finally block ends
    } finally {
        return 3; // 3 is returned before the error is thrown, which we did not expect
    }
})();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:5:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally">lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unsafe usage of 'return'.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        throw new Error(&quot;Try&quot;); // error is thrown but suspended until finally block ends<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125; finally &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>5 │ </strong>        return 3; // 3 is returned before the error is thrown, which we did not expect<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>7 │ </strong>&#125;)();<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'return' in 'finally' overwrites the control flow statements inside 'try' and 'catch'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
(() => {
    try {
        throw new Error("Try")
    } catch(err) {
        throw err; // The error thrown from try block is caught and re-thrown
    } finally {
        throw new Error("Finally"); // Finally(...) is thrown, which we did not expect
    }
})();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:7:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally">lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unsafe usage of 'throw'.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        throw err; // The error thrown from try block is caught and re-thrown<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125; finally &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>7 │ </strong>        throw new Error(&quot;Finally&quot;); // Finally(...) is thrown, which we did not expect<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>8 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>9 │ </strong>&#125;)();<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'throw' in 'finally' overwrites the control flow statements inside 'try' and 'catch'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
(() => {
    label: try {
      return 0; // 0 is returned but suspended until finally block ends
    } finally {
      break label; // It breaks out the try-finally block, before 0 is returned.
    }
    return 1;
})();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:5:7 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally">lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unsafe usage of 'break'.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>      return 0; // 0 is returned but suspended until finally block ends<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125; finally &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>5 │ </strong>      break label; // It breaks out the try-finally block, before 0 is returned.<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>7 │ </strong>    return 1;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'break' in 'finally' overwrites the control flow statements inside 'try' and 'catch'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
function a() {
  switch (condition) {
    case 'a': {
      try {
        console.log('a');
        return;
      } finally {
        break;
      }
    }
    case 'b': {
      console.log('b');
    }
  }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:8:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally">lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unsafe usage of 'break'.</span><br />  <br />     <strong>6 │ </strong>        return;<br />     <strong>7 │ </strong>      &#125; finally &#123;<br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>8 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />     <strong>9 │ </strong>      &#125;<br />    <strong>10 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'break' in 'finally' overwrites the control flow statements inside 'try' and 'catch'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
let foo = function() {
    try {
        return 1;
    } catch(err) {
        return 2;
    } finally {
        console.log("hola!");
    }
};
```

```js
let foo = function() {
    try {
        return 1;
    } catch(err) {
        return 2;
    } finally {
        let a = function() {
            return "hola!";
        }
    }
};
```

```js
let foo = function(a) {
    try {
        return 1;
    } catch(err) {
        return 2;
    } finally {
        switch(a) {
            case 1: {
                console.log("hola!")
                break;
            }
        }
    }
};
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noUnsafeFinally
description: |
  Disallow control flow statements in finally blocks.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-unsafe-finally" target="_blank"><code>no-unsafe-finally</code></a>

Disallow control flow statements in finally blocks.

JavaScript suspends the control flow statements of `try` and `catch` blocks until
the execution of finally block finishes. So, when `return`, `throw`, `break` or `continue`
is used in finally, control flow statements inside `try` and `catch` are overwritten,
which is considered as unexpected behavior.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
(() => {
    try {
        return 1; // 1 is returned but suspended until finally block ends
    } catch(err) {
        return 2;
    } finally {
        return 3; // 3 is returned before 1, which we did not expect
    }
})();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:7:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally">lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unsafe usage of 'return'.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        return 2;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125; finally &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>7 │ </strong>        return 3; // 3 is returned before 1, which we did not expect<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>8 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>9 │ </strong>&#125;)();<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'return' in 'finally' overwrites the control flow statements inside 'try' and 'catch'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
(() => {
    try {
        throw new Error("Try"); // error is thrown but suspended until finally block ends
    } finally {
        return 3; // 3 is returned before the error is thrown, which we did not expect
    }
})();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:5:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally">lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unsafe usage of 'return'.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>        throw new Error(&quot;Try&quot;); // error is thrown but suspended until finally block ends<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125; finally &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>5 │ </strong>        return 3; // 3 is returned before the error is thrown, which we did not expect<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>7 │ </strong>&#125;)();<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'return' in 'finally' overwrites the control flow statements inside 'try' and 'catch'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
(() => {
    try {
        throw new Error("Try")
    } catch(err) {
        throw err; // The error thrown from try block is caught and re-thrown
    } finally {
        throw new Error("Finally"); // Finally(...) is thrown, which we did not expect
    }
})();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:7:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally">lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unsafe usage of 'throw'.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>        throw err; // The error thrown from try block is caught and re-thrown<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125; finally &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>7 │ </strong>        throw new Error(&quot;Finally&quot;); // Finally(...) is thrown, which we did not expect<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>8 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>9 │ </strong>&#125;)();<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'throw' in 'finally' overwrites the control flow statements inside 'try' and 'catch'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
(() => {
    label: try {
      return 0; // 0 is returned but suspended until finally block ends
    } finally {
      break label; // It breaks out the try-finally block, before 0 is returned.
    }
    return 1;
})();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:5:7 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally">lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unsafe usage of 'break'.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>      return 0; // 0 is returned but suspended until finally block ends<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125; finally &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>5 │ </strong>      break label; // It breaks out the try-finally block, before 0 is returned.<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>      <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>7 │ </strong>    return 1;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'break' in 'finally' overwrites the control flow statements inside 'try' and 'catch'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
function a() {
  switch (condition) {
    case 'a': {
      try {
        console.log('a');
        return;
      } finally {
        break;
      }
    }
    case 'b': {
      console.log('b');
    }
  }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:8:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-finally">lint/correctness/noUnsafeFinally</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Unsafe usage of 'break'.</span><br />  <br />     <strong>6 │ </strong>        return;<br />     <strong>7 │ </strong>      &#125; finally &#123;<br />   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>8 │ </strong>        break;<br />    <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />     <strong>9 │ </strong>      &#125;<br />    <strong>10 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">'break' in 'finally' overwrites the control flow statements inside 'try' and 'catch'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
let foo = function() {
    try {
        return 1;
    } catch(err) {
        return 2;
    } finally {
        console.log("hola!");
    }
};
```

```js
let foo = function() {
    try {
        return 1;
    } catch(err) {
        return 2;
    } finally {
        let a = function() {
            return "hola!";
        }
    }
};
```

```js
let foo = function(a) {
    try {
        return 1;
    } catch(err) {
        return 2;
    } finally {
        switch(a) {
            case 1: {
                console.log("hola!")
                break;
            }
        }
    }
};
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
