src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-useless-string-raw.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noUselessStringRaw
description: |
  Disallow unnecessary `String.raw` function in template string literals without any escape sequence.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.9.4`

:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

## Description
Disallow unnecessary `String.raw` function in template string literals without any escape sequence.

`String.raw` is useless when contains a raw string without any escape-like sequence.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
String.raw`a`;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-string-raw">lint/nursery/noUselessStringRaw</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">String.raw is useless when the raw string doesn't contain any escape sequence.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>String.raw`a`;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the String.raw call beacause it's useless here, String.raw can deal with string which contains escape sequence like &#92;n, &#92;t, &#92;r, &#92;&#92;, &#92;&quot;, &#92;'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
String.raw`a ${v}`;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-string-raw">lint/nursery/noUselessStringRaw</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">String.raw is useless when the raw string doesn't contain any escape sequence.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>String.raw`a $&#123;v&#125;`;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the String.raw call beacause it's useless here, String.raw can deal with string which contains escape sequence like &#92;n, &#92;t, &#92;r, &#92;&#92;, &#92;&quot;, &#92;'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
String.raw`\n ${a}`;
```

```js
String.raw`\n`;
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"nursery": {
				"noUselessStringRaw": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-useless-string-raw.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noUselessStringRaw
description: |
  Disallow unnecessary `String.raw` function in template string literals without any escape sequence.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.9.4`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/nursery/noUselessStringRaw`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**information**](/reference/diagnostics#information).
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::
## Description
Disallow unnecessary `String.raw` function in template string literals without any escape sequence.

`String.raw` is useless when contains a raw string without any escape-like sequence.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
String.raw`a`;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-string-raw">lint/nursery/noUselessStringRaw</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">String.raw is useless when the raw string doesn't contain any escape sequence.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>String.raw`a`;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the String.raw call beacause it's useless here, String.raw can deal with string which contains escape sequence like &#92;n, &#92;t, &#92;r, &#92;&#92;, &#92;&quot;, &#92;'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
String.raw`a ${v}`;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-string-raw">lint/nursery/noUselessStringRaw</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">String.raw is useless when the raw string doesn't contain any escape sequence.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>String.raw`a $&#123;v&#125;`;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the String.raw call beacause it's useless here, String.raw can deal with string which contains escape sequence like &#92;n, &#92;t, &#92;r, &#92;&#92;, &#92;&quot;, &#92;'.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
String.raw`\n ${a}`;
```

```js
String.raw`\n`;
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"nursery": {
				"noUselessStringRaw": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
