src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-useless-catch.mdx, before:

---
title: noUselessCatch
description: |
  'Disallow unnecessary  clauses.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/noUselessCatch`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-useless-catch" target="_blank"><code>no-useless-catch</code></a>

Disallow unnecessary `catch` clauses.

A `catch` clause that only rethrows the original error is redundant,
and has no effect on the runtime behavior of the program.
These redundant clauses can be a source of confusion and code bloat,
so it’s better to disallow these unnecessary `catch` clauses.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
try {
    doSomething();
} catch(e) {
    throw e;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-catch">lint/complexity/noUselessCatch</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>catch</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> clause that only rethrows the original error is useless.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomething();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125; catch(e) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    throw e;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">An unnecessary </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>catch</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> clause can be confusing.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
try {
    doSomething();
} catch(e) {
    throw e;
} finally {
    doCleanUp();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-catch">lint/complexity/noUselessCatch</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>catch</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> clause that only rethrows the original error is useless.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomething();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125; catch(e) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    throw e;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125; finally &#123;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    doCleanUp();<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">An unnecessary </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>catch</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> clause can be confusing.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>catch</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> clause.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  try &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>      doSomething();<br />    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>h</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#123;</strong></span><br />    <strong>4</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>h</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>w</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span><br />    <strong>5</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#125;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">y</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><br />      <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">i</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><br />    <strong>6</strong> <strong>4</strong><strong> │ </strong>      doCleanUp();<br />    <strong>7</strong> <strong>5</strong><strong> │ </strong>  &#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
try {
    doSomething();
} catch(e) {
    doSomethingWhenCatch();
    throw e;
}
```

```js
try {
    doSomething();
} catch(e) {
    handleError(e);
}
```

```js
try {
    doSomething();
} finally {
    doCleanUp();
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-useless-catch.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noUselessCatch
description: |
  Disallow unnecessary  clauses.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/noUselessCatch`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-useless-catch" target="_blank"><code>no-useless-catch</code></a>

Disallow unnecessary `catch` clauses.

A `catch` clause that only rethrows the original error is redundant,
and has no effect on the runtime behavior of the program.
These redundant clauses can be a source of confusion and code bloat,
so it’s better to disallow these unnecessary `catch` clauses.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
try {
    doSomething();
} catch(e) {
    throw e;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-catch">lint/complexity/noUselessCatch</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>catch</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> clause that only rethrows the original error is useless.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomething();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125; catch(e) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    throw e;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">An unnecessary </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>catch</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> clause can be confusing.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
try {
    doSomething();
} catch(e) {
    throw e;
} finally {
    doCleanUp();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:4:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-catch">lint/complexity/noUselessCatch</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>catch</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> clause that only rethrows the original error is useless.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    doSomething();<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125; catch(e) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    throw e;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125; finally &#123;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>    doCleanUp();<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">An unnecessary </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>catch</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> clause can be confusing.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>catch</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> clause.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  try &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>      doSomething();<br />    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>h</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#123;</strong></span><br />    <strong>4</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>h</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>w</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span><br />    <strong>5</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#125;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">y</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><br />      <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">i</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><br />    <strong>6</strong> <strong>4</strong><strong> │ </strong>      doCleanUp();<br />    <strong>7</strong> <strong>5</strong><strong> │ </strong>  &#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
try {
    doSomething();
} catch(e) {
    doSomethingWhenCatch();
    throw e;
}
```

```js
try {
    doSomething();
} catch(e) {
    handleError(e);
}
```

```js
try {
    doSomething();
} finally {
    doCleanUp();
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
