src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-unused-private-class-members.mdx, before:

---
title: noUnusedPrivateClassMembers
description: |
  'Disallow unused private class members'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noUnusedPrivateClassMembers`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.3.3`
:::note
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-unused-private-class-members" target="_blank"><code>no-unused-private-class-members</code></a>

Disallow unused private class members

Private class members that are declared and not used anywhere in the code are most likely an error due to incomplete refactoring.
Such class members take up space in the code and can lead to confusion by readers.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
class OnlyWrite {
  #usedOnlyInWrite = 5;

  method() {
       this.#usedOnlyInWrite = 212;
  }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unused-private-class-members">lint/correctness/noUnusedPrivateClassMembers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">This private class member is defined but never used.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class OnlyWrite &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>  #usedOnlyInWrite = 5;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>  method() &#123;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove unused declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  class OnlyWrite &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>#</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>d</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>O</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>I</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>W</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>5</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span><br />    <strong>3</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>    method() &#123;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```ts
 class TsBioo {
   private unusedProperty = 5;
 }
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unused-private-class-members">lint/correctness/noUnusedPrivateClassMembers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">This private class member is defined but never used.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong> class TsBioo &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>   private unusedProperty = 5;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove unused declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>   class TsBioo &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>v</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>d</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>P</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>5</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span><br />    <strong>3</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>   &#125;<br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```ts
 class TsBioo {
   private unusedMethod() {}
 }
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unused-private-class-members">lint/correctness/noUnusedPrivateClassMembers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">This private class member is defined but never used.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong> class TsBioo &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>   private unusedMethod() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove unused declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>   class TsBioo &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>v</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>d</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>M</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>h</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>d</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#123;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#125;</strong></span><br />    <strong>3</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>   &#125;<br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
class UsedMember {
  #usedMember = 42;

  method() {
       return this.#usedMember;
  }
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-unused-private-class-members.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noUnusedPrivateClassMembers
description: |
  Disallow unused private class members
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noUnusedPrivateClassMembers`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.3.3`
:::note
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-unused-private-class-members" target="_blank"><code>no-unused-private-class-members</code></a>

Disallow unused private class members

Private class members that are declared and not used anywhere in the code are most likely an error due to incomplete refactoring.
Such class members take up space in the code and can lead to confusion by readers.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
class OnlyWrite {
  #usedOnlyInWrite = 5;

  method() {
       this.#usedOnlyInWrite = 212;
  }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unused-private-class-members">lint/correctness/noUnusedPrivateClassMembers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">This private class member is defined but never used.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class OnlyWrite &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>  #usedOnlyInWrite = 5;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>  method() &#123;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove unused declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  class OnlyWrite &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>#</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>d</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>O</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>I</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>W</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>5</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span><br />    <strong>3</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>    method() &#123;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

```ts
 class TsBioo {
   private unusedProperty = 5;
 }
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unused-private-class-members">lint/correctness/noUnusedPrivateClassMembers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">This private class member is defined but never used.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong> class TsBioo &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>   private unusedProperty = 5;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove unused declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>   class TsBioo &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>v</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>d</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>P</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>5</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span><br />    <strong>3</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>   &#125;<br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```ts
 class TsBioo {
   private unusedMethod() {}
 }
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unused-private-class-members">lint/correctness/noUnusedPrivateClassMembers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">This private class member is defined but never used.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong> class TsBioo &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>   private unusedMethod() &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong> &#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove unused declaration.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>   class TsBioo &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>v</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>d</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>M</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>h</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>d</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#123;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#125;</strong></span><br />    <strong>3</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>   &#125;<br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
class UsedMember {
  #usedMember = 42;

  method() {
       return this.#usedMember;
  }
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
