src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-useless-lone-block-statements.mdx, before:

---
title: noUselessLoneBlockStatements
description: |
  'Disallow unnecessary nested block statements.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/noUselessLoneBlockStatements`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.3.3`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-lone-blocks" target="_blank"><code>no-lone-blocks</code></a>

Disallow unnecessary nested block statements.

>In JavaScript, prior to ES6, standalone code blocks delimited by curly braces do not create a new scope and have no use.
In ES6, code blocks may create a new scope if a block-level binding (let and const), a class declaration or a function declaration (in strict mode) are present. A block is not considered redundant in these cases.


## Examples

### Invalid

```js
{}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-lone-block-statements">lint/complexity/noUselessLoneBlockStatements</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This block statement doesn't serve any purpose and can be safely removed.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Standalone block statements without any block-level declarations are redundant in JavaScript and can be removed to simplify the code.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
if (foo) {
  bar();
  {
    baz();
  }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-lone-block-statements">lint/complexity/noUselessLoneBlockStatements</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This block statement doesn't serve any purpose and can be safely removed.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>if (foo) &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  bar();<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>  &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    baz();<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>5 │ </strong>  &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>7 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Standalone block statements without any block-level declarations are redundant in JavaScript and can be removed to simplify the code.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove redundant block.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  if (foo) &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>    bar();<br />    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#123;</strong></span><br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>      baz();<br />    <strong>5</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#125;</strong></span><br />    <strong>6</strong> <strong>4</strong><strong> │ </strong>  &#125;<br />    <strong>7</strong> <strong>5</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
while (foo) {
  bar();
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-useless-lone-block-statements.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noUselessLoneBlockStatements
description: |
  Disallow unnecessary nested block statements.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/noUselessLoneBlockStatements`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.3.3`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-lone-blocks" target="_blank"><code>no-lone-blocks</code></a>

Disallow unnecessary nested block statements.

>In JavaScript, prior to ES6, standalone code blocks delimited by curly braces do not create a new scope and have no use.
In ES6, code blocks may create a new scope if a block-level binding (let and const), a class declaration or a function declaration (in strict mode) are present. A block is not considered redundant in these cases.


## Examples

### Invalid

```js
{}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-lone-block-statements">lint/complexity/noUselessLoneBlockStatements</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This block statement doesn't serve any purpose and can be safely removed.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Standalone block statements without any block-level declarations are redundant in JavaScript and can be removed to simplify the code.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
if (foo) {
  bar();
  {
    baz();
  }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:3 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-lone-block-statements">lint/complexity/noUselessLoneBlockStatements</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This block statement doesn't serve any purpose and can be safely removed.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>if (foo) &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>  bar();<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>  &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    baz();<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>5 │ </strong>  &#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>6 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>7 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Standalone block statements without any block-level declarations are redundant in JavaScript and can be removed to simplify the code.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove redundant block.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  if (foo) &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>    bar();<br />    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#123;</strong></span><br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>      baz();<br />    <strong>5</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#125;</strong></span><br />    <strong>6</strong> <strong>4</strong><strong> │ </strong>  &#125;<br />    <strong>7</strong> <strong>5</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
while (foo) {
  bar();
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
