src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-unsafe-negation.mdx, before:

---
title: noUnsafeNegation
description: |
  'Disallow using unsafe negation.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noUnsafeNegation`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-unsafe-negation" target="_blank"><code>no-unsafe-negation</code></a>

Disallow using unsafe negation.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
!1 in [1,2];
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-negation">lint/suspicious/noUnsafeNegation</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The negation operator is used unsafely on the left side of this binary expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>!1 in [1,2];<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Wrap the expression with a parenthesis</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>!<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span>1<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>in<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>[1,2]<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span>;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>          <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

```js
/**test*/!/** test*/1 instanceof [1,2];
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-negation">lint/suspicious/noUnsafeNegation</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The negation operator is used unsafely on the left side of this binary expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/&#42;&#42;test&#42;/!/&#42;&#42; test&#42;/1 instanceof [1,2];<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Wrap the expression with a parenthesis</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>/&#42;&#42;test&#42;/!/&#42;&#42;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>test&#42;/<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span>1<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>instanceof<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>[1,2]<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span>;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                    <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>                  <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
-1 in [1,2];
~1 in [1,2];
typeof 1 in [1,2];
void 1 in [1,2];
delete 1 in [1,2];
+1 instanceof [1,2];
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-unsafe-negation.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noUnsafeNegation
description: |
  Disallow using unsafe negation.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/noUnsafeNegation`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-unsafe-negation" target="_blank"><code>no-unsafe-negation</code></a>

Disallow using unsafe negation.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
!1 in [1,2];
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-negation">lint/suspicious/noUnsafeNegation</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The negation operator is used unsafely on the left side of this binary expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>!1 in [1,2];<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Wrap the expression with a parenthesis</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>!<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span>1<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>in<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>[1,2]<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span>;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>          <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

```js
/**test*/!/** test*/1 instanceof [1,2];
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unsafe-negation">lint/suspicious/noUnsafeNegation</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The negation operator is used unsafely on the left side of this binary expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>/&#42;&#42;test&#42;/!/&#42;&#42; test&#42;/1 instanceof [1,2];<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Wrap the expression with a parenthesis</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>/&#42;&#42;test&#42;/!/&#42;&#42;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>test&#42;/<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span>1<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>instanceof<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>[1,2]<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span>;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                    <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>                  <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
-1 in [1,2];
~1 in [1,2];
typeof 1 in [1,2];
void 1 in [1,2];
delete 1 in [1,2];
+1 instanceof [1,2];
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
