src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-useless-this-alias.mdx, before:

---
title: noUselessThisAlias
description: |
  'Disallow useless  aliasing.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/noUselessThisAlias`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="TypeScript and TSX" icon="seti:typescript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-this-alias" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/no-this-alias</code></a>

Disallow useless `this` aliasing.

Arrow functions inherits `this` from their enclosing scope;
this makes `this` aliasing useless in this situation.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
class A {
    method() {
        const self = this;
        return () => {
            return self;
        }
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:15 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-this-alias">lint/complexity/noUselessThisAlias</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This aliasing of </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>this</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is unnecessary.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    method() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        const self = this;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>        return () =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>            return self;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Arrow functions inherits `this` from their enclosing scope.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>this</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead of an alias.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  class A &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>      method() &#123;<br />    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>h</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span><br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>          return () =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>5</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>4</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>h</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>6</strong> <strong>5</strong><strong> │ </strong>          &#125;<br />    <strong>7</strong> <strong>6</strong><strong> │ </strong>      &#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
class A {
    method() {
        const self = this;
        return function() {
            this.g();
            return self;
        }
    }
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-useless-this-alias.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noUselessThisAlias
description: |
  Disallow useless  aliasing.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/noUselessThisAlias`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="TypeScript and TSX" icon="seti:typescript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-this-alias" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/no-this-alias</code></a>

Disallow useless `this` aliasing.

Arrow functions inherits `this` from their enclosing scope;
this makes `this` aliasing useless in this situation.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
class A {
    method() {
        const self = this;
        return () => {
            return self;
        }
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:15 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-this-alias">lint/complexity/noUselessThisAlias</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This aliasing of </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>this</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is unnecessary.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>class A &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    method() &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        const self = this;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>              <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>        return () =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>            return self;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Arrow functions inherits `this` from their enclosing scope.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>this</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead of an alias.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  class A &#123;<br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>      method() &#123;<br />    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>h</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span><br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>          return () =&gt; &#123;<br />    <strong>5</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>4</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>h</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>6</strong> <strong>5</strong><strong> │ </strong>          &#125;<br />    <strong>7</strong> <strong>6</strong><strong> │ </strong>      &#125;<br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
class A {
    method() {
        const self = this;
        return function() {
            this.g();
            return self;
        }
    }
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
