src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-undeclared-dependencies.mdx, before:

---
title: noUndeclaredDependencies
description: |
  'Disallow the use of dependencies that aren't specified in the .'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noUndeclaredDependencies`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Disallow the use of dependencies that aren't specified in the `package.json`.

Indirect dependencies will trigger the rule because they aren't declared in the `package.json`. This means that if package `@org/foo` has a dependency on `lodash`, and then you use
`import "lodash"` somewhere in your project, the rule will trigger a diagnostic for this import.

The rule ignores imports using a protocol such as `node:`, `bun:`, `jsr:`, `https:`.

To ensure that Visual Studio Code uses relative imports when it automatically imports a variable,
you may set [`javascript.preferences.importModuleSpecifier` and `typescript.preferences.importModuleSpecifier`](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings) to `relative`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
import "vite";
```

### Valid

```js
import { A } from "./local.js";
```

```js
import assert from "node:assert";
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-undeclared-dependencies.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noUndeclaredDependencies
description: |
  Disallow the use of dependencies that aren't specified in the .
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/noUndeclaredDependencies`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Disallow the use of dependencies that aren't specified in the `package.json`.

Indirect dependencies will trigger the rule because they aren't declared in the `package.json`. This means that if package `@org/foo` has a dependency on `lodash`, and then you use
`import "lodash"` somewhere in your project, the rule will trigger a diagnostic for this import.

The rule ignores imports using a protocol such as `node:`, `bun:`, `jsr:`, `https:`.

To ensure that Visual Studio Code uses relative imports when it automatically imports a variable,
you may set [`javascript.preferences.importModuleSpecifier` and `typescript.preferences.importModuleSpecifier`](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings) to `relative`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
import "vite";
```

### Valid

```js
import { A } from "./local.js";
```

```js
import assert from "node:assert";
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
