src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-void-elements-with-children.mdx, before:

---
title: noVoidElementsWithChildren
description: |
  'This rules prevents void elements (AKA self-closing elements) from having children.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noVoidElementsWithChildren`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/blob/master/docs/rules/void-dom-elements-no-children.md" target="_blank"><code>react/void-dom-elements-no-children</code></a>

This rules prevents void elements (AKA self-closing elements) from having children.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<br>invalid child</br>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-void-elements-with-children">lint/correctness/noVoidElementsWithChildren</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>br</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is a void element tag and must not have </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;br&gt;invalid child&lt;/br&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;br<span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">v</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&lt;</span>/<span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span>&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>   <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<img alt="some text" children={"some child"} />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-void-elements-with-children">lint/correctness/noVoidElementsWithChildren</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>img</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is a void element tag and must not have </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;img alt=&quot;some text&quot; children=&#123;&quot;some child&quot;&#125; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;img<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>alt=&quot;some<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>text&quot;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">m</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>/&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>  <br /></code></pre>

```js
React.createElement('img', {}, 'child')
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-void-elements-with-children">lint/correctness/noVoidElementsWithChildren</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>img</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is a void element tag and must not have </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>React.createElement('img', &#123;&#125;, 'child')<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>React.createElement('img',<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#123;&#125;,<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span>)<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                               <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <br /></code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-void-elements-with-children.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noVoidElementsWithChildren
description: |
  This rules prevents void elements (AKA self-closing elements) from having children.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/correctness/noVoidElementsWithChildren`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/blob/master/docs/rules/void-dom-elements-no-children.md" target="_blank"><code>react/void-dom-elements-no-children</code></a>

This rules prevents void elements (AKA self-closing elements) from having children.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<br>invalid child</br>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-void-elements-with-children">lint/correctness/noVoidElementsWithChildren</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>br</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is a void element tag and must not have </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;br&gt;invalid child&lt;/br&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;br<span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">v</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&lt;</span>/<span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span>&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>   <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<img alt="some text" children={"some child"} />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-void-elements-with-children">lint/correctness/noVoidElementsWithChildren</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>img</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is a void element tag and must not have </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;img alt=&quot;some text&quot; children=&#123;&quot;some child&quot;&#125; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;img<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>alt=&quot;some<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>text&quot;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">m</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>/&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>  <br /></code></pre>

```js
React.createElement('img', {}, 'child')
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-void-elements-with-children">lint/correctness/noVoidElementsWithChildren</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>img</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is a void element tag and must not have </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>React.createElement('img', &#123;&#125;, 'child')<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>children</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>React.createElement('img',<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#123;&#125;,<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span>)<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                               <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <br /></code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
