src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-value-at-rule.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noValueAtRule
description: |
  Disallow use of `@value` rule in css modules.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="CSS" icon="seti:css">
**Since**: `v1.8.0`

:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

## Description
Disallow use of `@value` rule in css modules.

Use of CSS variables is recommended instead of `@value` rule.

## Examples

### Invalid

```css
@value red: #FF0000;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.css:1:2 parse ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">@value at-rule is not a standard CSS feature.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>@value red: #FF0000;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong> <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">You can enable @value at-rule parsing by setting the `css.parser.cssModules` option to `true` in your configuration file.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```css
:root {
  --red: #FF0000
}

p {
  background-color: var(--red);
}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"nursery": {
				"noValueAtRule": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-value-at-rule.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noValueAtRule
description: |
  Disallow use of `@value` rule in css modules.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="CSS" icon="seti:css">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.8.0`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/nursery/noValueAtRule`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**information**](/reference/diagnostics#information).
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::
## Description
Disallow use of `@value` rule in css modules.

Use of CSS variables is recommended instead of `@value` rule.

## Examples

### Invalid

```css
@value red: #FF0000;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.css:1:2 parse ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">@value at-rule is not a standard CSS feature.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>@value red: #FF0000;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong> <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">You can enable @value at-rule parsing by setting the `css.parser.cssModules` option to `true` in your configuration file.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```css
:root {
  --red: #FF0000
}

p {
  background-color: var(--red);
}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"nursery": {
				"noValueAtRule": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
