src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-var.mdx, before:

---
title: noVar
description: |
  'Disallow the use of '
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noVar`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-var" target="_blank"><code>no-var</code></a>

Disallow the use of `var`

ECMAScript 6 allows programmers to create variables with block scope instead of function scope using the let and const keywords.

Block scope is common in many other programming languages and helps programmers avoid mistakes.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
var foo = 1;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-var">lint/style/noVar</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>let</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> or </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>const</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead of </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>var</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var foo = 1;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">A variable declared with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>var</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is accessible in the whole module. Thus, the variable can be accessed before its initialization and outside the block where it is declared.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/var">MDN web docs</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use '</span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>const</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">' instead.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>v</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">1</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">1</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const foo = 1;
let bar = 1;
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-var.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noVar
description: |
  Disallow the use of 
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/noVar`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-var" target="_blank"><code>no-var</code></a>

Disallow the use of `var`

ECMAScript 6 allows programmers to create variables with block scope instead of function scope using the let and const keywords.

Block scope is common in many other programming languages and helps programmers avoid mistakes.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
var foo = 1;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-var">lint/style/noVar</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>let</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> or </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>const</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead of </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>var</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>var foo = 1;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">A variable declared with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>var</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> is accessible in the whole module. Thus, the variable can be accessed before its initialization and outside the block where it is declared.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/var">MDN web docs</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for more details.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use '</span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>const</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">' instead.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>v</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">1</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">1</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const foo = 1;
let bar = 1;
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
