src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-void.mdx, before:

---
title: noVoid
description: |
  'Disallow the use of  operators, which is not a familiar operator.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/noVoid`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-void" target="_blank"><code>no-void</code></a>

Disallow the use of `void` operators, which is not a familiar operator.

>The `void` operator is often used merely to obtain the undefined primitive value,
usually using `void(0)` (which is equivalent to `void 0`). In these cases, the global variable `undefined` can be used.


## Examples

### Invalid

```js
void 0;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-void">lint/complexity/noVoid</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">The use of </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>void</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> is not allowed.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>void 0;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">If you use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>void</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> to alter the return type of a function or return `undefined`, use the global `undefined` instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/no-void.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: noVoid
description: |
  Disallow the use of  operators, which is not a familiar operator.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/noVoid`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-void" target="_blank"><code>no-void</code></a>

Disallow the use of `void` operators, which is not a familiar operator.

>The `void` operator is often used merely to obtain the undefined primitive value,
usually using `void(0)` (which is equivalent to `void 0`). In these cases, the global variable `undefined` can be used.


## Examples

### Invalid

```js
void 0;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-void">lint/complexity/noVoid</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">The use of </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>void</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> is not allowed.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>void 0;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">If you use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>void</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> to alter the return type of a function or return `undefined`, use the global `undefined` instead.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
