src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-literal-enum-members.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useLiteralEnumMembers
description: |
  Require all enum members to be literal values.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="TypeScript and TSX" icon="seti:typescript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/prefer-literal-enum-member" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/prefer-literal-enum-member</code></a>

## Description
Require all enum members to be literal values.

Usually, an enum member is initialized with a literal number or a literal string.
However, _TypeScript_ allows the value of an enum member to be many different kinds of expressions.
Using a computed enum member is often error-prone and confusing.
This rule requires the initialization of enum members with constant expressions.
It allows numeric and bitwise expressions for supporting [enum flags](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39359740/what-are-enum-flags-in-typescript/39359953#39359953).
It also allows referencing previous enum members.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
const x = 2;
enum Computed {
    A,
    B = x,
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:4:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-literal-enum-members">lint/style/useLiteralEnumMembers</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">The enum member should be initialized with a literal value such as a number or a string.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>enum Computed &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    A,<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    B = x,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
enum Direction {
    Left,
    Right,
}
```

```ts
enum Order {
    Less = -1,
    Equal = 0,
    Greater = 1,
}
```

```ts
enum State {
    Open = "Open",
    Close = "Close",
}
```

```ts
enum FileAccess {
    None = 0,
    Read = 1,
    Write = 1 << 1,
    All = Read | Write
}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"style": {
				"useLiteralEnumMembers": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-literal-enum-members.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useLiteralEnumMembers
description: |
  Require all enum members to be literal values.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="TypeScript and TSX" icon="seti:typescript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.0.0`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/style/useLiteralEnumMembers`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**warning**](/reference/diagnostics#warning).
- Sources: 
  - Same as [`@typescript-eslint/prefer-literal-enum-member`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/prefer-literal-enum-member)

## Description
Require all enum members to be literal values.

Usually, an enum member is initialized with a literal number or a literal string.
However, _TypeScript_ allows the value of an enum member to be many different kinds of expressions.
Using a computed enum member is often error-prone and confusing.
This rule requires the initialization of enum members with constant expressions.
It allows numeric and bitwise expressions for supporting [enum flags](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39359740/what-are-enum-flags-in-typescript/39359953#39359953).
It also allows referencing previous enum members.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
const x = 2;
enum Computed {
    A,
    B = x,
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:4:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-literal-enum-members">lint/style/useLiteralEnumMembers</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">The enum member should be initialized with a literal value such as a number or a string.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>enum Computed &#123;<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    A,<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    B = x,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
enum Direction {
    Left,
    Right,
}
```

```ts
enum Order {
    Less = -1,
    Equal = 0,
    Greater = 1,
}
```

```ts
enum State {
    Open = "Open",
    Close = "Close",
}
```

```ts
enum FileAccess {
    None = 0,
    Read = 1,
    Write = 1 << 1,
    All = Read | Write
}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"style": {
				"useLiteralEnumMembers": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
