src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-export-type.md, before:

---
title: useExportType (since v1.5.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/useExportType`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/consistent-type-exports" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/consistent-type-exports</code></a>

Promotes the use of `export type` for types.

_TypeScript_ allows specifying a `type` marker on an `export` to indicate that the `export` doesn't exist at runtime.
This allows transpilers to safely drop exports of types without looking for their definition.

The rule ensures that types are exported using a type-only `export`.
It also groups inline type exports into a grouped `export type`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
interface I {}
export { I };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useExportType.js:2:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-export-type">lint/style/useExportType</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">All exports are only types and should thus use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>interface I {}
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>export { I };
   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Using </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> allows transpilers to safely drop exports of types without looking for their definition.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a grouped </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  2 │ </strong>export<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span>{<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>I<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>};
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>       <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>      
</code></pre>

```ts
type T = number;
export { T };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useExportType.js:2:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-export-type">lint/style/useExportType</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">All exports are only types and should thus use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>type T = number;
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>export { T };
   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Using </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> allows transpilers to safely drop exports of types without looking for their definition.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a grouped </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  2 │ </strong>export<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span>{<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>T<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>};
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>       <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>      
</code></pre>

```ts
import type { T } from "./mod.js";
export { T };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useExportType.js:2:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-export-type">lint/style/useExportType</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">All exports are only types and should thus use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>import type { T } from &quot;./mod.js&quot;;
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>export { T };
   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Using </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> allows transpilers to safely drop exports of types without looking for their definition.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a grouped </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  2 │ </strong>export<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span>{<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>T<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>};
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>       <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>      
</code></pre>

```ts
export { type X, type Y };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useExportType.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-export-type">lint/style/useExportType</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">All exports are only types and should thus use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export { type X, type Y };
   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Using </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> allows transpilers to safely drop exports of types without looking for their definition.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a grouped </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">x</span><span style="color: Tomato;">p</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>{</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">X</span><span style="color: Tomato;">,</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">Y</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">}</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">x</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>{</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">X</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">,</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">Y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">}</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span>
    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
class C {}
function f() {}
export { C, f };
```

This rules checks only the identifiers that are defined in a file.
It doesn't warn against a type exported as a value in a re-export clause such as:

```ts
export { TypeA } from "./mod.ts"
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-export-type.md, after:

---
title: useExportType (since v1.5.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/useExportType`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
- This rule is applied to **TypeScript and TSX** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/consistent-type-exports" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/consistent-type-exports</code></a>

Promotes the use of `export type` for types.

_TypeScript_ allows specifying a `type` marker on an `export` to indicate that the `export` doesn't exist at runtime.
This allows transpilers to safely drop exports of types without looking for their definition.

The rule ensures that types are exported using a type-only `export`.
It also groups inline type exports into a grouped `export type`.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
interface I {}
export { I };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useExportType.js:2:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-export-type">lint/style/useExportType</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">All exports are only types and should thus use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>interface I {}
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>export { I };
   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Using </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> allows transpilers to safely drop exports of types without looking for their definition.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a grouped </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  2 │ </strong>export<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span>{<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>I<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>};
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>       <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>      
</code></pre>

```ts
type T = number;
export { T };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useExportType.js:2:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-export-type">lint/style/useExportType</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">All exports are only types and should thus use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>type T = number;
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>export { T };
   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Using </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> allows transpilers to safely drop exports of types without looking for their definition.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a grouped </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  2 │ </strong>export<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span>{<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>T<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>};
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>       <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>      
</code></pre>

```ts
import type { T } from "./mod.js";
export { T };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useExportType.js:2:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-export-type">lint/style/useExportType</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">All exports are only types and should thus use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1 │ </strong>import type { T } from &quot;./mod.js&quot;;
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>export { T };
   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>3 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Using </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> allows transpilers to safely drop exports of types without looking for their definition.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a grouped </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong>  </strong><strong>  2 │ </strong>export<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span>{<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>T<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>};
<strong>  </strong><strong>    │ </strong>       <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span>      
</code></pre>

```ts
export { type X, type Y };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useExportType.js:1:8 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-export-type">lint/style/useExportType</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">All exports are only types and should thus use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>export { type X, type Y };
   <strong>   │ </strong>       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Using </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> allows transpilers to safely drop exports of types without looking for their definition.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use a grouped </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>export type</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">x</span><span style="color: Tomato;">p</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>{</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">X</span><span style="color: Tomato;">,</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">Y</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">}</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">x</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>p</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>{</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">X</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">,</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">Y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">}</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span>
    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
class C {}
function f() {}
export { C, f };
```

This rules checks only the identifiers that are defined in a file.
It doesn't warn against a type exported as a value in a re-export clause such as:

```ts
export { TypeA } from "./mod.ts"
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
