src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-deprecated-reason.mdx, before:

---
title: useDeprecatedReason
description: |
  'Require specifying the reason argument when using @deprecated directive'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/useDeprecatedReason`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="GraphQL" icon="seti:graphql">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://the-guild.dev/graphql/eslint/rules/require-deprecation-reason" target="_blank"><code>graphql/require-deprecation-reason</code></a>

Require specifying the reason argument when using @deprecated directive

This rule checks the parameter of @deprecated directive for the use of reason argument,
suggesting user to add it in case the argument is missing.

## Examples

### Invalid

```graphql
query {
  member @deprecated
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text"></code></pre>

### Valid

```graphql
query {
  member @deprecated(reason: "Why?")
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-deprecated-reason.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useDeprecatedReason
description: |
  Require specifying the reason argument when using @deprecated directive
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/useDeprecatedReason`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="GraphQL" icon="seti:graphql">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://the-guild.dev/graphql/eslint/rules/require-deprecation-reason" target="_blank"><code>graphql/require-deprecation-reason</code></a>

Require specifying the reason argument when using @deprecated directive

This rule checks the parameter of @deprecated directive for the use of reason argument,
suggesting user to add it in case the argument is missing.

## Examples

### Invalid

```graphql
query {
  member @deprecated
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text"></code></pre>

### Valid

```graphql
query {
  member @deprecated(reason: "Why?")
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
