src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-focusable-interactive.mdx, before:

---
title: useFocusableInteractive
description: |
  'Elements with an interactive role and interaction handlers must be focusable.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/useFocusableInteractive`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.8.0`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/interactive-supports-focus.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/interactive-supports-focus</code></a>

Elements with an interactive role and interaction handlers must be focusable.

HTML elements with interactive roles must have `tabIndex` defined to ensure they are
focusable. Without tabIndex, assistive technologies may not recognize these elements as
interactive.
You could also consider switching from an interactive role to its semantic HTML element
instead.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<div role="button" />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-focusable-interactive">lint/nursery/useFocusableInteractive</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The HTML element with the interactive role </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&quot;button&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not focusable.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div role=&quot;button&quot; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">A non-interactive HTML element that is not focusable may not be reachable for users that rely on keyboard navigation, even with an added role like </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&quot;button&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Add a </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>tabIndex</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute to make this element focusable.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<div role="tab" />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-focusable-interactive">lint/nursery/useFocusableInteractive</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The HTML element with the interactive role </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&quot;tab&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not focusable.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div role=&quot;tab&quot; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">A non-interactive HTML element that is not focusable may not be reachable for users that rely on keyboard navigation, even with an added role like </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&quot;tab&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Add a </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>tabIndex</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute to make this element focusable.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<div role="button" tabIndex={0} />
```

```jsx
<div />
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-focusable-interactive.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useFocusableInteractive
description: |
  Elements with an interactive role and interaction handlers must be focusable.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/useFocusableInteractive`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.8.0`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/interactive-supports-focus.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/interactive-supports-focus</code></a>

Elements with an interactive role and interaction handlers must be focusable.

HTML elements with interactive roles must have `tabIndex` defined to ensure they are
focusable. Without tabIndex, assistive technologies may not recognize these elements as
interactive.
You could also consider switching from an interactive role to its semantic HTML element
instead.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<div role="button" />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-focusable-interactive">lint/nursery/useFocusableInteractive</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The HTML element with the interactive role </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&quot;button&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not focusable.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div role=&quot;button&quot; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">A non-interactive HTML element that is not focusable may not be reachable for users that rely on keyboard navigation, even with an added role like </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&quot;button&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Add a </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>tabIndex</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute to make this element focusable.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<div role="tab" />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-focusable-interactive">lint/nursery/useFocusableInteractive</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The HTML element with the interactive role </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&quot;tab&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> is not focusable.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div role=&quot;tab&quot; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">A non-interactive HTML element that is not focusable may not be reachable for users that rely on keyboard navigation, even with an added role like </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>&quot;tab&quot;</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Add a </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>tabIndex</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute to make this element focusable.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<div role="button" tabIndex={0} />
```

```jsx
<div />
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
