src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-single-var-declarator.md, before:

---
title: useSingleVarDeclarator (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/useSingleVarDeclarator`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/one-var" target="_blank"><code>one-var</code></a>

Disallow multiple variable declarations in the same variable statement

In JavaScript, multiple variables can be declared within a single `var`, `const` or `let` declaration.
It is often considered a best practice to declare every variable separately.
That is what this rule enforces.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
let foo = 0, bar, baz;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useSingleVarDeclarator.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-single-var-declarator">lint/style/useSingleVarDeclarator</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Declare variables separately</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let foo = 0, bar, baz;
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Break out into multiple declarations</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">0</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>,</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>,</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">z</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">0</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>;</strong></span>
      <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>;</strong></span>
      <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">z</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span>
    <strong>2</strong> <strong>4</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
const foo = 0;
let bar;
let baz;
```

```jsx
for (let i = 0, x = 1; i < arr.length; i++) {}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule (#303)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-single-var-declarator.md, after:

---
title: useSingleVarDeclarator (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/useSingleVarDeclarator`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
- This rule is applied to **JavaScript and super languages** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/one-var" target="_blank"><code>one-var</code></a>

Disallow multiple variable declarations in the same variable statement

In JavaScript, multiple variables can be declared within a single `var`, `const` or `let` declaration.
It is often considered a best practice to declare every variable separately.
That is what this rule enforces.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
let foo = 0, bar, baz;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useSingleVarDeclarator.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-single-var-declarator">lint/style/useSingleVarDeclarator</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Declare variables separately</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let foo = 0, bar, baz;
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Break out into multiple declarations</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">0</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>,</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>,</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">z</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">0</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>;</strong></span>
      <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>;</strong></span>
      <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>l</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">z</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span>
    <strong>2</strong> <strong>4</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
const foo = 0;
let bar;
let baz;
```

```jsx
for (let i = 0, x = 1; i < arr.length; i++) {}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
