src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys.mdx, before:

---
title: useSimpleNumberKeys
description: |
  'Disallow number literal object member names which are not base10 or uses underscore as separator'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Disallow number literal object member names which are not base10 or uses underscore as separator

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
({ 0x1: 1 });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys">lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Hexadecimal number literal is not allowed here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; 0x1: 1 &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace 0x1 with 1</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>0</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>x</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">1</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">1</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
({ 11_1.11: "ee" });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys">lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Number literal with underscore is not allowed here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; 11&#95;1.11: &quot;ee&quot; &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace 11&#95;1.11 with 111.11</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#95;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
({ 0o1: 1 });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys">lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Octal number literal is not allowed here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; 0o1: 1 &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace 0o1 with 1</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>0</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">1</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">1</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
({ 1n: 1 });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys">lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Bigint is not allowed here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; 1n: 1 &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace 1n with 1</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">1</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">1</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
({ 11_1.11: "ee" });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys">lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Number literal with underscore is not allowed here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; 11&#95;1.11: &quot;ee&quot; &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace 11&#95;1.11 with 111.11</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#95;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
({ 0: "zero" });
({ 122: "integer" });
({ 1.22: "floating point" });
({ 3.1e12: "floating point with e" });
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useSimpleNumberKeys
description: |
  Disallow number literal object member names which are not base10 or uses underscore as separator
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Disallow number literal object member names which are not base10 or uses underscore as separator

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
({ 0x1: 1 });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys">lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Hexadecimal number literal is not allowed here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; 0x1: 1 &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace 0x1 with 1</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>0</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>x</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">1</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">1</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
({ 11_1.11: "ee" });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys">lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Number literal with underscore is not allowed here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; 11&#95;1.11: &quot;ee&quot; &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace 11&#95;1.11 with 111.11</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#95;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
({ 0o1: 1 });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys">lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Octal number literal is not allowed here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; 0o1: 1 &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace 0o1 with 1</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>0</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">1</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">1</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
({ 1n: 1 });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys">lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Bigint is not allowed here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; 1n: 1 &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace 1n with 1</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">1</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">1</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
({ 11_1.11: "ee" });
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:4 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simple-number-keys">lint/complexity/useSimpleNumberKeys</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Number literal with underscore is not allowed here.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>(&#123; 11&#95;1.11: &quot;ee&quot; &#125;);<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>   <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace 11&#95;1.11 with 111.11</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>&#95;</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>1</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
({ 0: "zero" });
({ 122: "integer" });
({ 1.22: "floating point" });
({ 3.1e12: "floating point with e" });
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
