src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-hook-at-top-level.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useHookAtTopLevel
description: |
  Enforce that all React hooks are being called from the Top Level component functions.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/correctness/useHookAtTopLevel`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule is **recommended**. A [diagnostic error](/reference/diagnostics#error) will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/main/packages/eslint-plugin-react-hooks/README.md" target="_blank"><code>react-hooks/rules-of-hooks</code></a>

## Description
Enforce that all React hooks are being called from the Top Level component functions.

_This rule should be used only in **React** projects._

To understand why this required see https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-rules.html#only-call-hooks-at-the-top-level

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
function Component1({ a }) {
    if (a == 1) {
        useEffect();
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-hook-at-top-level">lint/correctness/useHookAtTopLevel</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This hook is being called conditionally, but all hooks must be called in the exact same order in every component render.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function Component1(&#123; a &#125;) &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    if (a == 1) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        useEffect();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">For React to preserve state between calls, hooks needs to be called unconditionally and always in the same order.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-rules.html#only-call-hooks-at-the-top-level</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
function Component1({ a }) {
    if (a != 1) {
        return;
    }

    useEffect();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:6:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-hook-at-top-level">lint/correctness/useHookAtTopLevel</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This hook is being called conditionally, but all hooks must be called in the exact same order in every component render.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>6 │ </strong>    useEffect();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>7 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>8 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Hooks should not be called after an early return.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function Component1(&#123; a &#125;) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    if (a != 1) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        return;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">For React to preserve state between calls, hooks needs to be called unconditionally and always in the same order.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-rules.html#only-call-hooks-at-the-top-level</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
function Component1() {
    useEffect();
}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"correctness": {
				"useHookAtTopLevel": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-hook-at-top-level.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useHookAtTopLevel
description: |
  Enforce that all React hooks are being called from the Top Level component functions.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.0.0`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/correctness/useHookAtTopLevel`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**error**](/reference/diagnostics#error).
- This rule belongs to the following domains:
  - [`react`](/linter/domains#react)
  - [`next`](/linter/domains#next)
- Sources: 
  - Same as [`react-hooks/rules-of-hooks`](https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/main/packages/eslint-plugin-react-hooks/README.md)

## Description
Enforce that all React hooks are being called from the Top Level component functions.

_This rule should be used only in **React** projects._

To understand why this required see https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-rules.html#only-call-hooks-at-the-top-level

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
function Component1({ a }) {
    if (a == 1) {
        useEffect();
    }
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:9 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-hook-at-top-level">lint/correctness/useHookAtTopLevel</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This hook is being called conditionally, but all hooks must be called in the exact same order in every component render.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function Component1(&#123; a &#125;) &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    if (a == 1) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        useEffect();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">For React to preserve state between calls, hooks needs to be called unconditionally and always in the same order.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-rules.html#only-call-hooks-at-the-top-level</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```js
function Component1({ a }) {
    if (a != 1) {
        return;
    }

    useEffect();
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:6:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-hook-at-top-level">lint/correctness/useHookAtTopLevel</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This hook is being called conditionally, but all hooks must be called in the exact same order in every component render.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>6 │ </strong>    useEffect();<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>7 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>8 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Hooks should not be called after an early return.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>function Component1(&#123; a &#125;) &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    if (a != 1) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                 <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>        return;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>    &#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">For React to preserve state between calls, hooks needs to be called unconditionally and always in the same order.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">See https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-rules.html#only-call-hooks-at-the-top-level</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
function Component1() {
    useEffect();
}
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"correctness": {
				"useHookAtTopLevel": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
