src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-key-with-mouse-events.mdx, before:

---
title: useKeyWithMouseEvents
description: |
  'Enforce  /  are accompanied by  / .'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/a11y/useKeyWithMouseEvents`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/mouse-events-have-key-events.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/mouse-events-have-key-events</code></a>

Enforce `onMouseOver` / `onMouseOut` are accompanied by `onFocus` / `onBlur`.

Coding for the keyboard is important for users with physical disabilities who cannot use a mouse, AT compatibility, and screenreader users.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<div onMouseOver={() => {}} />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-key-with-mouse-events">lint/a11y/useKeyWithMouseEvents</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">onMouseOver must be accompanied by onFocus for accessibility.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div onMouseOver=&#123;() =&gt; &#123;&#125;&#125; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Actions triggered using mouse events should have corresponding events to account for keyboard-only navigation.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<div onMouseOut={() => {}} />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-key-with-mouse-events">lint/a11y/useKeyWithMouseEvents</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">onMouseOut must be accompanied by onBlur for accessibility.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div onMouseOut=&#123;() =&gt; &#123;&#125;&#125; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Actions triggered using mouse events should have corresponding events to account for keyboard-only navigation.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<>
  <div onMouseOver={() => {}} onFocus={() => {}} />
  <div onMouseOut={() => {}} onBlur={() => {}} />
  <div onMouseOver={() => {}} {...otherProps} />
  <div onMouseOut={() => {}} {...otherProps} />
  <div onMouseOver={() => {}} onFocus={() => {}} {...otherProps} />
  <div onMouseOut={() => {}} onBlur={() => {}} {...otherProps} />
</>
```

## Accessibility guidelines

- [WCAG 2.1.1](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/keyboard)

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-key-with-mouse-events.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useKeyWithMouseEvents
description: |
  Enforce  /  are accompanied by  / .
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/a11y/useKeyWithMouseEvents`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/mouse-events-have-key-events.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/mouse-events-have-key-events</code></a>

Enforce `onMouseOver` / `onMouseOut` are accompanied by `onFocus` / `onBlur`.

Coding for the keyboard is important for users with physical disabilities who cannot use a mouse, AT compatibility, and screenreader users.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<div onMouseOver={() => {}} />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-key-with-mouse-events">lint/a11y/useKeyWithMouseEvents</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">onMouseOver must be accompanied by onFocus for accessibility.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div onMouseOver=&#123;() =&gt; &#123;&#125;&#125; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Actions triggered using mouse events should have corresponding events to account for keyboard-only navigation.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<div onMouseOut={() => {}} />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-key-with-mouse-events">lint/a11y/useKeyWithMouseEvents</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">onMouseOut must be accompanied by onBlur for accessibility.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div onMouseOut=&#123;() =&gt; &#123;&#125;&#125; /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Actions triggered using mouse events should have corresponding events to account for keyboard-only navigation.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<>
  <div onMouseOver={() => {}} onFocus={() => {}} />
  <div onMouseOut={() => {}} onBlur={() => {}} />
  <div onMouseOver={() => {}} {...otherProps} />
  <div onMouseOut={() => {}} {...otherProps} />
  <div onMouseOver={() => {}} onFocus={() => {}} {...otherProps} />
  <div onMouseOut={() => {}} onBlur={() => {}} {...otherProps} />
</>
```

## Accessibility guidelines

- [WCAG 2.1.1](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/keyboard)

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
