src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-array-literals.md, before:

---
title: useArrayLiterals (since v1.7.2)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/useArrayLiterals`**

:::note
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-array-constructor" target="_blank"><code>no-array-constructor</code></a>

Disallow Array constructors.

Use of the Array constructor to construct a new array is generally discouraged in favor of array literal notation because of the single-argument pitfall and because the Array global may be redefined.
The exception is when the Array constructor intentionally creates sparse arrays of a specified size by giving the constructor a single numeric argument.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
Array();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">nursery/useArrayLiterals.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-array-literals">lint/nursery/useArrayLiterals</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Orange;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Don't use Array constructors.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>Array();
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use of the Array constructor is not allowed except creating sparse arrays of a specified size by giving a single numeric argument.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The array literal notation [] is preferable.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
Array(0, 1, 2);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">nursery/useArrayLiterals.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-array-literals">lint/nursery/useArrayLiterals</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Orange;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Don't use Array constructors.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>Array(0, 1, 2);
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use of the Array constructor is not allowed except creating sparse arrays of a specified size by giving a single numeric argument.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The array literal notation [] is preferable.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
new Array(0, 1, 2);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">nursery/useArrayLiterals.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-array-literals">lint/nursery/useArrayLiterals</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Orange;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Don't use Array constructors.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>new Array(0, 1, 2);
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use of the Array constructor is not allowed except creating sparse arrays of a specified size by giving a single numeric argument.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The array literal notation [] is preferable.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
Array(...args);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">nursery/useArrayLiterals.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-array-literals">lint/nursery/useArrayLiterals</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Orange;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Don't use Array constructors.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>Array(...args);
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use of the Array constructor is not allowed except creating sparse arrays of a specified size by giving a single numeric argument.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The array literal notation [] is preferable.</span>
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
Array(500);
```

```jsx
[0, 1, 2];
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-array-literals.md, after:

---
title: useArrayLiterals (since v1.7.2)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/useArrayLiterals`**

:::note
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
- This rule is applied to **JavaScript and super languages** files.
:::

:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-array-constructor" target="_blank"><code>no-array-constructor</code></a>

Disallow Array constructors.

Use of the Array constructor to construct a new array is generally discouraged in favor of array literal notation because of the single-argument pitfall and because the Array global may be redefined.
The exception is when the Array constructor intentionally creates sparse arrays of a specified size by giving the constructor a single numeric argument.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
Array();
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">nursery/useArrayLiterals.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-array-literals">lint/nursery/useArrayLiterals</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Orange;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Don't use Array constructors.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>Array();
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use of the Array constructor is not allowed except creating sparse arrays of a specified size by giving a single numeric argument.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The array literal notation [] is preferable.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
Array(0, 1, 2);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">nursery/useArrayLiterals.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-array-literals">lint/nursery/useArrayLiterals</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Orange;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Don't use Array constructors.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>Array(0, 1, 2);
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use of the Array constructor is not allowed except creating sparse arrays of a specified size by giving a single numeric argument.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The array literal notation [] is preferable.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
new Array(0, 1, 2);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">nursery/useArrayLiterals.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-array-literals">lint/nursery/useArrayLiterals</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Orange;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Don't use Array constructors.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>new Array(0, 1, 2);
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use of the Array constructor is not allowed except creating sparse arrays of a specified size by giving a single numeric argument.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The array literal notation [] is preferable.</span>
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
Array(...args);
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">nursery/useArrayLiterals.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-array-literals">lint/nursery/useArrayLiterals</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Orange;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Don't use Array constructors.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>Array(...args);
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use of the Array constructor is not allowed except creating sparse arrays of a specified size by giving a single numeric argument.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The array literal notation [] is preferable.</span>
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
Array(500);
```

```jsx
[0, 1, 2];
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
