src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-node-assert-strict.mdx, before:

---
title: useNodeAssertStrict
description: |
  'Promotes the usage of  over .'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/useNodeAssertStrict`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
:::note
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Promotes the usage of `node:assert/strict` over `node:assert`.

If you prefer stricter assertions when using the Node.js assertion module, the package `node:assert/strict` exposes a set of alias for stricter assertions.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
import * as assert from "node:assert"
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:25 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-node-assert-strict">lint/style/useNodeAssertStrict</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Use </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>node:assert/strict</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import &#42; as assert from &quot;node:assert&quot;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The use of stricter assertion is preferred.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>node:assert/strict</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>import<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#42;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>as<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>assert<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>from<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&quot;node:assert<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">/</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">i</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span>&quot;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                                    <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
import * as assert from "node:assert/strict"
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-node-assert-strict.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useNodeAssertStrict
description: |
  Promotes the usage of  over .
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/useNodeAssertStrict`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.6.0`
:::note
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Promotes the usage of `node:assert/strict` over `node:assert`.

If you prefer stricter assertions when using the Node.js assertion module, the package `node:assert/strict` exposes a set of alias for stricter assertions.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
import * as assert from "node:assert"
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:25 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-node-assert-strict">lint/style/useNodeAssertStrict</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Use </span><span style="color: Orange;"><strong>node:assert/strict</strong></span><span style="color: Orange;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>import &#42; as assert from &quot;node:assert&quot;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>                        <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">The use of stricter assertion is preferred.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>node:assert/strict</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>import<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&#42;<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>as<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>assert<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>from<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>&quot;node:assert<span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">/</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">i</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span>&quot;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>                                    <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
import * as assert from "node:assert/strict"
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
