src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-enum-initializers.mdx, before:

---
title: useEnumInitializers
description: |
  'Require that each enum member value be explicitly initialized.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/useEnumInitializers`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="TypeScript and TSX" icon="seti:typescript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/prefer-enum-initializers" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/prefer-enum-initializers</code></a>

Require that each enum member value be explicitly initialized.

_TypeScript_ enums are a practical way to organize semantically related constant values.
Members of enums that don't have explicit values are by default given sequentially increasing numbers.

When the value of enum members are important,
allowing implicit values for enum members can cause bugs if enum declarations are modified over time.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
enum Version {
    V1,
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:1:6 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-enum-initializers">lint/style/useEnumInitializers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>enum declaration</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> contains members that are implicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>enum Version &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    V1,<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">This </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>enum member</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> should be explicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>enum Version &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    V1,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Allowing implicit initializations for enum members can cause bugs if enum declarations are modified over time.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Initialize all enum members.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>V1<span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">0</span>,<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>      <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

```ts
enum Status {
    Open = 1,
    Close,
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:1:6 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-enum-initializers">lint/style/useEnumInitializers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>enum declaration</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> contains members that are implicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>enum Status &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    Open = 1,<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    Close,<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">This </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>enum member</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> should be explicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>enum Status &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    Open = 1,<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>    Close,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Allowing implicit initializations for enum members can cause bugs if enum declarations are modified over time.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Initialize all enum members.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  3 │ </strong><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>Close<span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">2</span>,<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>         <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

```ts
enum Color {
    Red = "Red",
    Green = "Green",
    Blue,
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:1:6 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-enum-initializers">lint/style/useEnumInitializers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>enum declaration</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> contains members that are implicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>enum Color &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    Red = &quot;Red&quot;,<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    Green = &quot;Green&quot;,<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">This </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>enum member</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> should be explicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    Red = &quot;Red&quot;,<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    Green = &quot;Green&quot;,<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    Blue,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Allowing implicit initializations for enum members can cause bugs if enum declarations are modified over time.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Initialize all enum members.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  4 │ </strong><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>Blue<span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">B</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span>,<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>        <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
enum Status {
    Open = 1,
    Close = 2,
}
```

```ts
enum Color {
    Red = "Red",
    Green = "Green",
    Blue = "Blue",
}
```

```ts
declare enum Weather {
    Rainy,
    Sunny,
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-enum-initializers.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useEnumInitializers
description: |
  Require that each enum member value be explicitly initialized.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/useEnumInitializers`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="TypeScript and TSX" icon="seti:typescript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/prefer-enum-initializers" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/prefer-enum-initializers</code></a>

Require that each enum member value be explicitly initialized.

_TypeScript_ enums are a practical way to organize semantically related constant values.
Members of enums that don't have explicit values are by default given sequentially increasing numbers.

When the value of enum members are important,
allowing implicit values for enum members can cause bugs if enum declarations are modified over time.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
enum Version {
    V1,
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:1:6 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-enum-initializers">lint/style/useEnumInitializers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>enum declaration</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> contains members that are implicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>enum Version &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    V1,<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">This </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>enum member</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> should be explicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>enum Version &#123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    V1,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Allowing implicit initializations for enum members can cause bugs if enum declarations are modified over time.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Initialize all enum members.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>V1<span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">0</span>,<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>      <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

```ts
enum Status {
    Open = 1,
    Close,
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:1:6 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-enum-initializers">lint/style/useEnumInitializers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>enum declaration</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> contains members that are implicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>enum Status &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    Open = 1,<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    Close,<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">This </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>enum member</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> should be explicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>enum Status &#123;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    Open = 1,<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>    Close,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>5 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Allowing implicit initializations for enum members can cause bugs if enum declarations are modified over time.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Initialize all enum members.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  3 │ </strong><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>Close<span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">2</span>,<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>         <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

```ts
enum Color {
    Red = "Red",
    Green = "Green",
    Blue,
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.ts:1:6 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-enum-initializers">lint/style/useEnumInitializers</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>enum declaration</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> contains members that are implicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>enum Color &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>     <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    Red = &quot;Red&quot;,<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    Green = &quot;Green&quot;,<br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">This </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>enum member</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> should be explicitly initialized.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>    Red = &quot;Red&quot;,<br />    <strong>3 │ </strong>    Green = &quot;Green&quot;,<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>4 │ </strong>    Blue,<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>5 │ </strong>&#125;<br />    <strong>6 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Allowing implicit initializations for enum members can cause bugs if enum declarations are modified over time.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Initialize all enum members.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  4 │ </strong><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>Blue<span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">B</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&quot;</span>,<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>        <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
enum Status {
    Open = 1,
    Close = 2,
}
```

```ts
enum Color {
    Red = "Red",
    Green = "Green",
    Blue = "Blue",
}
```

```ts
declare enum Weather {
    Rainy,
    Sunny,
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
