src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-aria-props-supported-by-role.mdx, before:

---
title: useAriaPropsSupportedByRole
description: |
  'Enforce that ARIA properties are valid for the roles that are supported by the element.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/useAriaPropsSupportedByRole`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/role-supports-aria-props.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/role-supports-aria-props</code></a>

Enforce that ARIA properties are valid for the roles that are supported by the element.

Invalid ARIA properties can make it difficult for users of assistive technologies to understand the purpose of the element.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<a href="#" aria-checked />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-aria-props-supported-by-role">lint/nursery/useAriaPropsSupportedByRole</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The ARIA attribute 'aria-checked' is not supported by this element.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;a href=&quot;#&quot; aria-checked /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Ensure that ARIA attributes are valid for the role of the element.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<img alt="foobar" aria-checked />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-aria-props-supported-by-role">lint/nursery/useAriaPropsSupportedByRole</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The ARIA attribute 'aria-checked' is not supported by this element.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;img alt=&quot;foobar&quot; aria-checked /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Ensure that ARIA attributes are valid for the role of the element.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
<>
    <a href="#" aria-expanded />
    <img alt="foobar" aria-hidden />
    <div role="heading" aria-level="1" />
</>
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-aria-props-supported-by-role.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useAriaPropsSupportedByRole
description: |
  Enforce that ARIA properties are valid for the roles that are supported by the element.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/nursery/useAriaPropsSupportedByRole`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `vnext`
:::caution
This rule is part of the [nursery](/linter/rules/#nursery) group.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/role-supports-aria-props.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/role-supports-aria-props</code></a>

Enforce that ARIA properties are valid for the roles that are supported by the element.

Invalid ARIA properties can make it difficult for users of assistive technologies to understand the purpose of the element.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<a href="#" aria-checked />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-aria-props-supported-by-role">lint/nursery/useAriaPropsSupportedByRole</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The ARIA attribute 'aria-checked' is not supported by this element.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;a href=&quot;#&quot; aria-checked /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Ensure that ARIA attributes are valid for the role of the element.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<img alt="foobar" aria-checked />
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-aria-props-supported-by-role">lint/nursery/useAriaPropsSupportedByRole</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">The ARIA attribute 'aria-checked' is not supported by this element.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;img alt=&quot;foobar&quot; aria-checked /&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Ensure that ARIA attributes are valid for the role of the element.</span><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
<>
    <a href="#" aria-expanded />
    <img alt="foobar" aria-hidden />
    <div role="heading" aria-level="1" />
</>
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
