src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-for-of.mdx, before:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useForOf
description: |
  This rule recommends a `for-of` loop when in a `for` loop, the index used to extract an item from the iterated array.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.5.0`

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/prefer-for-of" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/prefer-for-of</code></a>
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn/blob/main/docs/rules/no-for-loop.md" target="_blank"><code>unicorn/no-for-loop</code></a>

## Description
This rule recommends a `for-of` loop when in a `for` loop, the index used to extract an item from the iterated array.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
for (let i = 0; i < array.length; i++) {
  console.log(array[i]);
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-for-of">lint/style/useForOf</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>for-of</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> loop instead of a </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>for loop</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>for (let i = 0; i &lt; array.length; i++) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>  console.log(array[i]);<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
for (let item of array) {
   console.log(item);
 }
```

```js
for (let i = 0; i < array.length; i++) {
   console.log(i, array[i]);
 }
```

```js
for (let i = 0, j = 0; i < array.length; i++) {
   console.log(i, array[i]);
 }
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"style": {
				"useForOf": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

feat: lint rules, suppression comments and domains

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-for-of.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useForOf
description: |
  This rule recommends a `for-of` loop when in a `for` loop, the index used to extract an item from the iterated array.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
## Summary
- Rule available since: `v1.5.0`
- Diagnostic Category: [`lint/style/useForOf`](/reference/diagnostics#diagnostic-category)
- This rule doesn't have a fix.
- The default severity of this rule is [**information**](/reference/diagnostics#information).
- Sources: 
  - Same as [`@typescript-eslint/prefer-for-of`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/prefer-for-of)
  - Same as [`unicorn/no-for-loop`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn/blob/main/docs/rules/no-for-loop.md)

## Description
This rule recommends a `for-of` loop when in a `for` loop, the index used to extract an item from the iterated array.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
for (let i = 0; i < array.length; i++) {
  console.log(array[i]);
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-for-of">lint/style/useForOf</a> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>for-of</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> loop instead of a </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>for loop</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>for (let i = 0; i &lt; array.length; i++) &#123;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>  console.log(array[i]);<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
for (let item of array) {
   console.log(item);
 }
```

```js
for (let i = 0; i < array.length; i++) {
   console.log(i, array[i]);
 }
```

```js
for (let i = 0, j = 0; i < array.length; i++) {
   console.log(i, array[i]);
 }
```

## How to configure
```json title="biome.json"
{
	"linter": {
		"rules": {
			"style": {
				"useForOf": "error"
			}
		}
	}
}

```
## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
