src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-simplified-logic-expression.mdx, before:

---
title: useSimplifiedLogicExpression
description: |
  'Discard redundant terms from logical expressions.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/useSimplifiedLogicExpression`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Discard redundant terms from logical expressions.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
const boolExp = true;
const r = true && boolExp;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:11 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simplified-logic-expression">lint/complexity/useSimplifiedLogicExpression</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Logical expression contains unnecessary complexity.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const boolExp = true;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>const r = true &amp;&amp; boolExp;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Discard redundant terms from the logical expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>r<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&amp;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&amp;</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>boolExp;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>          <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>        <br /></code></pre>

```js
const boolExp2 = true;
const r2 = boolExp || true;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simplified-logic-expression">lint/complexity/useSimplifiedLogicExpression</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Logical expression contains unnecessary complexity.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const boolExp2 = true;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>const r2 = boolExp || true;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Discard redundant terms from the logical expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>r2<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">E</span><span style="color: Tomato;">x</span><span style="color: Tomato;">p</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">|</span><span style="color: Tomato;">|</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>true;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>           <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>     <br /></code></pre>

```js
const nonNullExp = 123;
const r3 = null ?? nonNullExp;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simplified-logic-expression">lint/complexity/useSimplifiedLogicExpression</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Logical expression contains unnecessary complexity.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const nonNullExp = 123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>const r3 = null ?? nonNullExp;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Discard redundant terms from the logical expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>r3<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">?</span><span style="color: Tomato;">?</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>nonNullExp;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>           <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>           <br /></code></pre>

```js
const boolExpr1 = true;
const boolExpr2 = false;
const r4 = !boolExpr1 || !boolExpr2;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simplified-logic-expression">lint/complexity/useSimplifiedLogicExpression</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Logical expression contains unnecessary complexity.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const boolExpr1 = true;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>const boolExpr2 = false;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>const r4 = !boolExpr1 || !boolExpr2;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Reduce the complexity of the logical expression.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  const boolExpr1 = true;<br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  const boolExpr2 = false;<br />    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">4</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">!</span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">E</span><span style="color: Tomato;">x</span><span style="color: Tomato;">p</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">1</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>|</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>|</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>!</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">E</span><span style="color: Tomato;">x</span><span style="color: Tomato;">p</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">2</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">4</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">!</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">E</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">x</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">1</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&amp;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&amp;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">E</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">x</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">2</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>4</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const boolExpr3 = true;
const boolExpr4 = false;
const r5 = !(boolExpr1 && boolExpr2);
const boolExpr5 = true;
const boolExpr6 = false;
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-simplified-logic-expression.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useSimplifiedLogicExpression
description: |
  Discard redundant terms from logical expressions.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/useSimplifiedLogicExpression`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Discard redundant terms from logical expressions.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
const boolExp = true;
const r = true && boolExp;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:11 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simplified-logic-expression">lint/complexity/useSimplifiedLogicExpression</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Logical expression contains unnecessary complexity.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const boolExp = true;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>const r = true &amp;&amp; boolExp;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Discard redundant terms from the logical expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>r<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&amp;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&amp;</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>boolExp;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>          <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>        <br /></code></pre>

```js
const boolExp2 = true;
const r2 = boolExp || true;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simplified-logic-expression">lint/complexity/useSimplifiedLogicExpression</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Logical expression contains unnecessary complexity.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const boolExp2 = true;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>const r2 = boolExp || true;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Discard redundant terms from the logical expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>r2<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">E</span><span style="color: Tomato;">x</span><span style="color: Tomato;">p</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">|</span><span style="color: Tomato;">|</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>true;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>           <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>     <br /></code></pre>

```js
const nonNullExp = 123;
const r3 = null ?? nonNullExp;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simplified-logic-expression">lint/complexity/useSimplifiedLogicExpression</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Logical expression contains unnecessary complexity.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const nonNullExp = 123;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>const r3 = null ?? nonNullExp;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Discard redundant terms from the logical expression.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  2 │ </strong>const<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>r3<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span>=<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">?</span><span style="color: Tomato;">?</span><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><span style="color: Tomato;">·</span></span>nonNullExp;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>           <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>           <br /></code></pre>

```js
const boolExpr1 = true;
const boolExpr2 = false;
const r4 = !boolExpr1 || !boolExpr2;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:3:12 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-simplified-logic-expression">lint/complexity/useSimplifiedLogicExpression</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Orange;">⚠</span></strong> <span style="color: Orange;">Logical expression contains unnecessary complexity.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const boolExpr1 = true;<br />    <strong>2 │ </strong>const boolExpr2 = false;<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>const r4 = !boolExpr1 || !boolExpr2;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>           <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>4 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Reduce the complexity of the logical expression.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  const boolExpr1 = true;<br />    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  const boolExpr2 = false;<br />    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">4</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">!</span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">E</span><span style="color: Tomato;">x</span><span style="color: Tomato;">p</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">1</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>|</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>|</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>!</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">E</span><span style="color: Tomato;">x</span><span style="color: Tomato;">p</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">2</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span><br />      <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">4</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">!</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">E</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">x</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">1</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&amp;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&amp;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">E</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">x</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">p</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">2</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span><br />    <strong>4</strong> <strong>4</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const boolExpr3 = true;
const boolExpr4 = false;
const r5 = !(boolExpr1 && boolExpr2);
const boolExpr5 = true;
const boolExpr6 = false;
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
