src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-as-const-assertion.md, before:

---
title: useAsConstAssertion (since v1.3.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/useAsConstAssertion`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/prefer-as-const" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/prefer-as-const</code></a>

Enforce the use of `as const` over literal type and type annotation.

In TypeScript, there are three common ways to specify that a value is of a specific type such as `2` and not a general type such as `number`:

1. `as const`: telling TypeScript to infer the literal type automatically
2. `as <literal>`: explicitly telling the literal type to TypeScript
3. type annotation: explicitly telling the literal type to TypeScript when declare variables

The rule suggests to use `as const` when you're using `as` with a literal type or type annotation, since `as const` is simpler and doesn't require retyping the value.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
let bar: 2 = 2;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useAsConstAssertion.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-as-const-assertion">lint/style/useAsConstAssertion</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead of type annotation.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let bar: 2 = 2;
   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> doesn't require any update when the value is changed.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>:</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>2</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">2</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">2</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span>
    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

```ts
let foo = { bar: 'baz' as 'baz' };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useAsConstAssertion.js:1:27 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-as-const-assertion">lint/style/useAsConstAssertion</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead of </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>as</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> with a literal type.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let foo = { bar: 'baz' as 'baz' };
   <strong>   │ </strong>                          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> doesn't require any update when the asserted value is changed.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">{</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">z</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>'</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>b</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>z</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>'</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">}</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">{</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">'</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">z</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">'</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">}</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span>
    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
let foo = 'bar';
let foo = 'bar' as const;
let foo: 'bar' = 'bar' as const;
let bar = 'bar' as string;
let foo = { bar: 'baz' };
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-as-const-assertion.md, after:

---
title: useAsConstAssertion (since v1.3.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/style/useAsConstAssertion`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
- This rule is applied to **TypeScript and TSX** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/prefer-as-const" target="_blank"><code>@typescript-eslint/prefer-as-const</code></a>

Enforce the use of `as const` over literal type and type annotation.

In TypeScript, there are three common ways to specify that a value is of a specific type such as `2` and not a general type such as `number`:

1. `as const`: telling TypeScript to infer the literal type automatically
2. `as <literal>`: explicitly telling the literal type to TypeScript
3. type annotation: explicitly telling the literal type to TypeScript when declare variables

The rule suggests to use `as const` when you're using `as` with a literal type or type annotation, since `as const` is simpler and doesn't require retyping the value.

## Examples

### Invalid

```ts
let bar: 2 = 2;
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useAsConstAssertion.js:1:10 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-as-const-assertion">lint/style/useAsConstAssertion</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead of type annotation.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let bar: 2 = 2;
   <strong>   │ </strong>         <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> doesn't require any update when the value is changed.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>:</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>2</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">2</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">2</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span>
    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

```ts
let foo = { bar: 'baz' as 'baz' };
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">style/useAsConstAssertion.js:1:27 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-as-const-assertion">lint/style/useAsConstAssertion</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead of </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>as</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> with a literal type.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>let foo = { bar: 'baz' as 'baz' };
   <strong>   │ </strong>                          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>2 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> doesn't require any update when the asserted value is changed.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Replace with </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>as const</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">{</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">:</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;">b</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">z</span><span style="color: Tomato;">'</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>'</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>b</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>z</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>'</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">}</span><span style="color: Tomato;">;</span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">{</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">:</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">'</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">b</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">z</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">'</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">}</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">;</span>
    <strong>2</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```ts
let foo = 'bar';
let foo = 'bar' as const;
let foo: 'bar' = 'bar' as const;
let bar = 'bar' as string;
let foo = { bar: 'baz' };
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
