src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-valid-aria-role.mdx, before:

---
title: useValidAriaRole
description: |
  'Elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/a11y/useValidAriaRole`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.4.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/aria-role.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/aria-role</code></a>

Elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<div role="datepicker"></div>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-valid-aria-role">lint/a11y/useValidAriaRole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Enforce that elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div role=&quot;datepicker&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Check </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#namefromauthor">WAI-ARIA</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for valid roles or provide options accordingly.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the invalid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;"> Check the list of all </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#role_definitions">valid</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> role attributes.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;div<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">p</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">k</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>       <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<div role="range"></div>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-valid-aria-role">lint/a11y/useValidAriaRole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Enforce that elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div role=&quot;range&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Check </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#namefromauthor">WAI-ARIA</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for valid roles or provide options accordingly.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the invalid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;"> Check the list of all </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#role_definitions">valid</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> role attributes.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;div<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">g</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>       <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<div role=""></div>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-valid-aria-role">lint/a11y/useValidAriaRole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Enforce that elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div role=&quot;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Check </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#namefromauthor">WAI-ARIA</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for valid roles or provide options accordingly.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the invalid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;"> Check the list of all </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#role_definitions">valid</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> role attributes.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;div<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>       <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<Foo role="foo"></Foo>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-valid-aria-role">lint/a11y/useValidAriaRole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Enforce that elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;Foo role=&quot;foo&quot;&gt;&lt;/Foo&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Check </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#namefromauthor">WAI-ARIA</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for valid roles or provide options accordingly.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the invalid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;"> Check the list of all </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#role_definitions">valid</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> role attributes.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;Foo<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;&lt;/Foo&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>       <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<>
  <div role="button"></div>
  <div role={role}></div>
  <div></div>
</>
```

## Options

```json
{
    "//": "...",
    "options": {
        "allowInvalidRoles": ["invalid-role", "text"],
        "nonIgnoreDom": true
    }
}
```

## Accessibility guidelines

- [WCAG 4.1.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/name-role-value)

## Resources

- [Chrome Audit Rules, AX_ARIA_01](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/accessibility-developer-tools/wiki/Audit-Rules#ax_aria_01)
- [DPUB-ARIA roles](https://www.w3.org/TR/dpub-aria-1.0/)
- [MDN: Using ARIA: Roles, states, and properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Techniques)

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files (#1006)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-valid-aria-role.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useValidAriaRole
description: |
  Elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/a11y/useValidAriaRole`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JSX and TSX" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.4.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y/blob/main/docs/rules/aria-role.md" target="_blank"><code>jsx-a11y/aria-role</code></a>

Elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
<div role="datepicker"></div>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-valid-aria-role">lint/a11y/useValidAriaRole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Enforce that elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div role=&quot;datepicker&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Check </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#namefromauthor">WAI-ARIA</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for valid roles or provide options accordingly.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the invalid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;"> Check the list of all </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#role_definitions">valid</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> role attributes.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;div<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">p</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">k</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>       <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<div role="range"></div>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-valid-aria-role">lint/a11y/useValidAriaRole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Enforce that elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div role=&quot;range&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Check </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#namefromauthor">WAI-ARIA</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for valid roles or provide options accordingly.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the invalid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;"> Check the list of all </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#role_definitions">valid</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> role attributes.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;div<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">g</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>       <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<div role=""></div>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-valid-aria-role">lint/a11y/useValidAriaRole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Enforce that elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;div role=&quot;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Check </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#namefromauthor">WAI-ARIA</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for valid roles or provide options accordingly.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the invalid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;"> Check the list of all </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#role_definitions">valid</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> role attributes.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;div<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;&lt;/div&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>       <br /></code></pre>

```jsx
<Foo role="foo"></Foo>
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.jsx:1:1 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-valid-aria-role">lint/a11y/useValidAriaRole</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Enforce that elements with ARIA roles must use a valid, non-abstract ARIA role.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>&lt;Foo role=&quot;foo&quot;&gt;&lt;/Foo&gt;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>2 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Check </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#namefromauthor">WAI-ARIA</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> for valid roles or provide options accordingly.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Remove the invalid </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>role</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> attribute.<br /></span>    <span style="color: lightgreen;"> Check the list of all </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#role_definitions">valid</a></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> role attributes.</span><br />  <br />  <strong>  1 │ </strong>&lt;Foo<span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&quot;</span>&gt;&lt;/Foo&gt;<br />  <strong>    │ </strong>     <span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span>       <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
<>
  <div role="button"></div>
  <div role={role}></div>
  <div></div>
</>
```

## Options

```json
{
    "//": "...",
    "options": {
        "allowInvalidRoles": ["invalid-role", "text"],
        "nonIgnoreDom": true
    }
}
```

## Accessibility guidelines

- [WCAG 4.1.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/name-role-value)

## Resources

- [Chrome Audit Rules, AX_ARIA_01](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/accessibility-developer-tools/wiki/Audit-Rules#ax_aria_01)
- [DPUB-ARIA roles](https://www.w3.org/TR/dpub-aria-1.0/)
- [MDN: Using ARIA: Roles, states, and properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Techniques)

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
