src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-arrow-function.md, before:

---
title: useArrowFunction (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/useArrowFunction`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/prefer-arrow-callback" target="_blank"><code>prefer-arrow-callback</code></a>

Use arrow functions over function expressions.

An arrow function expression is a compact alternative to a regular function expression,
with an important distinction:
`this` is not bound to the arrow function. It inherits `this` from its parent scope.

This rule proposes turning all function expressions that are not generators (`function*`) and don't use `this` into arrow functions.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
const z = function() {
    return 0;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">complexity/useArrowFunction.js:1:11 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-arrow-function">lint/complexity/useArrowFunction</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function expression</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> can be turned into an </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>arrow function</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const z = function() {
   <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    return 0;
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>}
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>4 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Function expressions</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> that don't use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>this</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> can be turned into </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>arrow functions</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use an </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>arrow function</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">z</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>{</strong></span>
    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">0</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span>
    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>}</strong></span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">z</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&gt;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">0</span>
    <strong>4</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
const delegatedFetch = async function(url) {
    return await fetch(url);
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">complexity/useArrowFunction.js:1:24 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-arrow-function">lint/complexity/useArrowFunction</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function expression</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> can be turned into an </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>arrow function</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const delegatedFetch = async function(url) {
   <strong>   │ </strong>                       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    return await fetch(url);
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>}
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>4 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Function expressions</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> that don't use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>this</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> can be turned into </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>arrow functions</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use an </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>arrow function</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">g</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">F</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">y</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>{</strong></span>
    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">w</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span>
    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>}</strong></span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">d</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">g</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">d</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">F</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">h</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&gt;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">w</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">i</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">h</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span>
    <strong>4</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
const f = function() {
    return this.prop;
}
```

Named function expressions are ignored:

```jsx
const z = function z() {
    return 0;
}
```

Function expressions that declare the type of `this` are  also ignored:

```ts
const z = function(this: A): number {
    return 0;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

Commit message:

feat: add language info next to the rule (#303)

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-arrow-function.md, after:

---
title: useArrowFunction (since v1.0.0)
---

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/complexity/useArrowFunction`**

:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has a **safe** fix.
- This rule is applied to **JavaScript and super languages** files.
:::

Sources: 
- Inspired from: <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/prefer-arrow-callback" target="_blank"><code>prefer-arrow-callback</code></a>

Use arrow functions over function expressions.

An arrow function expression is a compact alternative to a regular function expression,
with an important distinction:
`this` is not bound to the arrow function. It inherits `this` from its parent scope.

This rule proposes turning all function expressions that are not generators (`function*`) and don't use `this` into arrow functions.

## Examples

### Invalid

```jsx
const z = function() {
    return 0;
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">complexity/useArrowFunction.js:1:11 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-arrow-function">lint/complexity/useArrowFunction</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function expression</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> can be turned into an </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>arrow function</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const z = function() {
   <strong>   │ </strong>          <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    return 0;
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>}
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>4 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Function expressions</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> that don't use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>this</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> can be turned into </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>arrow functions</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use an </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>arrow function</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">z</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>{</strong></span>
    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">0</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span>
    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>}</strong></span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">z</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&gt;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">0</span>
    <strong>4</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

```jsx
const delegatedFetch = async function(url) {
    return await fetch(url);
}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">complexity/useArrowFunction.js:1:24 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-arrow-function">lint/complexity/useArrowFunction</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">This </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>function expression</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> can be turned into an </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>arrow function</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>1 │ </strong>const delegatedFetch = async function(url) {
   <strong>   │ </strong>                       <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>    return await fetch(url);
<strong><span style="color: Tomato;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>3 │ </strong>}
   <strong>   │ </strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong>
    <strong>4 │ </strong>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Function expressions</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> that don't use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>this</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> can be turned into </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>arrow functions</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;">.</span>
  
<strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">  </span></strong><strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Safe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use an </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>arrow function</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span>
  
    <strong>1</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">o</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">g</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">d</span><span style="color: Tomato;">F</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">=</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;">y</span><span style="color: Tomato;">n</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>{</strong></span>
    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>u</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">w</span><span style="color: Tomato;">a</span><span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;">e</span><span style="color: Tomato;">t</span><span style="color: Tomato;">c</span><span style="color: Tomato;">h</span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">u</span><span style="color: Tomato;">r</span><span style="color: Tomato;">l</span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>;</strong></span>
    <strong>3</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>}</strong></span>
      <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">o</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">d</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">g</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">d</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">F</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">h</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">=</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">y</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">n</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>=</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>&gt;</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">w</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">a</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">i</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">e</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">t</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">c</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">h</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">u</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">r</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">l</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span>
    <strong>4</strong> <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong>  
  
</code></pre>

### Valid

```jsx
const f = function() {
    return this.prop;
}
```

Named function expressions are ignored:

```jsx
const z = function z() {
    return 0;
}
```

Function expressions that declare the type of `this` are  also ignored:

```ts
const z = function(this: A): number {
    return 0;
}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)
