src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-is-array.mdx, before:

---
title: useIsArray
description: |
  'Use  instead of .'
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/useIsArray`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn/blob/main/docs/rules/no-instanceof-array.md" target="_blank"><code>unicorn/no-instanceof-array</code></a>

Use `Array.isArray()` instead of `instanceof Array`.

In _JavaScript_ some array-like objects such as _arguments_ are not instances of the `Array` class.    ///
Moreover, the global `Array` class can be different between two execution contexts.
For instance, two frames in a web browser have a distinct `Array` class.
Passing arrays across these contexts, results in arrays that are not instances of the contextual global `Array` class.
To avoid these issues, use `Array.isArray()` instead of `instanceof Array`.
See the [MDN docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/isArray) for more details.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
const xs = [];
if (xs instanceof Array) {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-is-array">lint/suspicious/useIsArray</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Array.isArray()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead of </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>instanceof Array</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const xs = [];<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>if (xs instanceof Array) &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>instanceof Array</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> returns false for array-like objects and arrays from other execution contexts.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Array.isArray()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  const xs = [];<br />    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">x</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>A</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><br />      <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">i</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>A</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>A</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">x</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><br />    <strong>3</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const xs = [];
if (Array.isArray(xs)) {}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

chore: add a comment to the generated files

src/content/docs/linter/rules/use-is-array.mdx, after:

---
# Don't modify this file manually. This file is auto generated from source, and you will lose your changes next time the website is built.
# Head to the `biomejs/biome` repository, and modify the source code in there.

title: useIsArray
description: |
  Use  instead of .
---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

**Diagnostic Category: `lint/suspicious/useIsArray`**
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript (and super languages)" icon="seti:javascript">
**Since**: `v1.0.0`
:::note
- This rule is recommended by Biome. A diagnostic error will appear when linting your code.
- This rule has an **unsafe** fix.
:::

Sources: 
- Same as: <a href="https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn/blob/main/docs/rules/no-instanceof-array.md" target="_blank"><code>unicorn/no-instanceof-array</code></a>

Use `Array.isArray()` instead of `instanceof Array`.

In _JavaScript_ some array-like objects such as _arguments_ are not instances of the `Array` class.    ///
Moreover, the global `Array` class can be different between two execution contexts.
For instance, two frames in a web browser have a distinct `Array` class.
Passing arrays across these contexts, results in arrays that are not instances of the contextual global `Array` class.
To avoid these issues, use `Array.isArray()` instead of `instanceof Array`.
See the [MDN docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/isArray) for more details.

## Examples

### Invalid

```js
const xs = [];
if (xs instanceof Array) {}
```

<pre class="language-text"><code class="language-text">code-block.js:2:5 <a href="https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-is-array">lint/suspicious/useIsArray</a> <span style="color: #000; background-color: #ddd;"> FIXABLE </span> ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━<br /><br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">✖</span></strong> <span style="color: Tomato;">Use </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>Array.isArray()</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"> instead of </span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>instanceof Array</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1 │ </strong>const xs = [];<br />  <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">&gt;</span></strong> <strong>2 │ </strong>if (xs instanceof Array) &#123;&#125;<br />   <strong>   │ </strong>    <strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><strong><span style="color: Tomato;">^</span></strong><br />    <strong>3 │ </strong><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>instanceof Array</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> returns false for array-like objects and arrays from other execution contexts.</span><br />  <br />  <strong><span style="color: lightgreen;">ℹ</span></strong> <span style="color: lightgreen;">Unsafe fix</span><span style="color: lightgreen;">: </span><span style="color: lightgreen;">Use </span><span style="color: lightgreen;"><strong>Array.isArray()</strong></span><span style="color: lightgreen;"> instead.</span><br />  <br />    <strong>1</strong> <strong>1</strong><strong> │ </strong>  const xs = [];<br />    <strong>2</strong>  <strong> │ </strong><span style="color: Tomato;">-</span> <span style="color: Tomato;">i</span><span style="color: Tomato;">f</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">(</span><span style="color: Tomato;">x</span><span style="color: Tomato;">s</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>t</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>n</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>c</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>e</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>o</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>f</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;"><strong>·</strong></span></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>A</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: Tomato;">)</span><span style="color: Tomato;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#123;</span><span style="color: Tomato;">&#125;</span><br />      <strong>2</strong><strong> │ </strong><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">+</span> <span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">i</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">f</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">(</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>A</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>.</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>i</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>s</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>A</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>r</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>a</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>y</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>(</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">x</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">s</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><strong>)</strong></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">)</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;"><span style="opacity: 0.8;">·</span></span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#123;</span><span style="color: MediumSeaGreen;">&#125;</span><br />    <strong>3</strong> <strong>3</strong><strong> │ </strong>  <br />  <br /></code></pre>

### Valid

```js
const xs = [];
if (Array.isArray(xs)) {}
```

## Related links

- [Disable a rule](/linter/#disable-a-lint-rule)
- [Configure the rule fix](/linter#configure-the-rule-fix)
- [Rule options](/linter/#rule-options)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
